BFN 

  [Text] Julian Rizo Alvarez, first secretary of the 
Communist Party of Cuba [PCC] in Camaguey Province, stressed 
during Camaguey's provincial PCC plenum that we are called to 
push forward in a political and ideological offensive, as well 
as embrace all other aspects related to the Revolution. Rizo, a 
Politburo member, went on to point out that the fact that we 
have remained steadfast, without weakening, clearly demonstrates 
that we have triumphed over an unprecedented ordeal. He added 
that now we are ready, and it is our duty, to begin a 
revolutionary offensive. Rizo summed up two days of work that 
had focused on the strategies of scientific development in the 
province. Politburo member Maria de los Angeles Garcia 
considered scientific development in the province to be in an 
advanced stage and in some ways unique in Cuba. 
  With the participation of the provincial PCC plenum members 
and a large number of guest researchers, the first session 
covered the principal scientific programs of production, 
economy, services, and society. To make this project 
crystallize, the people of Camaguey are working on the true 
integration of all aspects of the project, such as a feasibility 
study, by line of work, before commencing a determined 
investigation. 
  During the second day, the plenum was informed about the 
current sugarcane harvest ituation, which was seriously affected 
by rainfall. Over 1,100 mm of rain have fallen on the sugarcane 
fields, which is more than double the amount of rain received 
during the same period last year. The food deficit is critical 
and efforts are being made to solve this problem. The plenum 
also considered the analysis of the workers movement's progress 
report by the assemblies. 

