BFN 

  [Text] New York, June 23 (TANJUG) -- Albanian police have 
injured several men, women and children in attempts forcibly to 
resettle the Serb and Montenegrin population from the villages 
Startlad and Boric on the Albanian border with the Federal 
Republic of Yugoslavia, warned a protest by the Yugoslav Foreign 
Ministry which was sent on this occasion to United Nations 
(U.N.) Secretary-General Butrus Butrus-Ghali. 
  The protest was circulated as an official U.N. document on 
Thursday [23 June]. 
  The document, which was presented by Yugoslav Ambassador to 
the U.N. Dragomir Djokic, said that members of the Serb and 
Montenegrin peoples, whose native country is Yugoslavia, are 
being forcibly moved from the Albania-Yugoslavia border area. 
Such actions by the Albanian authorities are a gross violation 
of human and civil rights -- the right to physical integrity, 
choice of place of residence and the inviolablity of personal 
and private property, said the protest. 
  The Yugoslav ministry assesssed that this is a deliberately 
conceived policy aimed at breaking up the ethnic compactness of 
Serbs and Montenegrins in Albania, especially in territories 
towards the Yugoslav-Albanian border. Such actions by [word 
indistinct] contrary to its obligations stemming from its 
membership in tha U.N. and the Conference on Security and 
Cooperation in Europe (CSCE), said the protest. The Yugoslav 
Government urges the Albanian authorities to stop this forcible 
resettling of Serbs and Montenegrins and to respect the rights 
of national minorities in agreement with their obligations and 
relevant CSCE documents. 

