BFN 

  [Excerpts] At about 2200, a group of terrorists stormed a 
cement factory in Meftah and took the workers hostage before 
blowing up the control and operations room. The factory is not 
currently working as the operations room awaits emergency 
repairs. 
  [Begin unidentified correspondent recording] The cement 
factory in Meftah, in Blida Province, was sabotaged last night. 
The control and operations room was targeted. An armed group 
set this factory on fire after taking the factory's workers 
hostage. [passage omitted] 
  It is worth noting that this factory employs about 600 
workers and its production capacity is around 700,000 tonnes. 
[end recording] 
  The security services announced today that a group of 
terrorists destroyed a warehouse belonging to [word indistinct] 
enterprise and stole agricultural goods in Ain Defla on 
Wednesday [20 April] evening at 2330. On the basis of 
information from citizens, the security forces intervened 
immediately and recovered the stolen goods. One of the 
terrorists was injured. 
  The source added that swift action by citizens in Djezia, 
the 
province of Oum El Bouaghi, resulted in putting out a fire that 
was started on Thursday [21 April] at the Djezia municipality 
offices. The citizens their used own equipment to put out the 
fire. 

