BFN 

  [Text] Havana, 10 Apr (PL) -- Nicanor Leon Cotayo, a Cuban 
writer and analyst, asserts the station Radio Marti, which the 
U.S. Government established nine years ago to further its 
anti-Cuban policy, is being shaken by chaos and personal 
ambitions. 
  In his article, which TRABAJADORES, the workers union weekly 
publication, is to publish tomorrow, Leon Cotayo states the 
radio station, which costs U.S. taxpayers $19 million, "has 
turned into a madhouse in which shady political dealings 
prevail." 
  He also adds this White House propaganda office has been 
used 
to increase the personal interests of Jorge Mas Canosa, one of 
the most prominent leaders of the ultraconservative sector of 
Cuban emigrants in Miami. 
  He states that during U.S. congressional hearings last year 
to study the radio station's future, several former Radio Marti 
employees had criticized Mas Canosa for promoting an atmosphere 
of fear among those who refused to yield to his points of view 
against Cuba. 
  What's more, the newspaper THE WASHINGTON POST reported on 
23 
March 1994 that several station employees, in private 
interviews, had accused Mas Canosa of imposing on the radio 
station's information line and promoting his personal political 
designs through the radio station, the specialist states. 
  He reports the U.S. newspaper maintained that the Cuban 
community in Miami is saturated with intrigues and that it 
described Mas Canosa as a "shameless political manipulator." 
  Leon Cotayo also quotes an anonymous report, which has been 
widely commented on in the United States, in which Mas Canosa's 
critics are called "sympathizers of communists" and Cuban agents. 
  He says the first investigation into the document's source 
has revealed it had been written by Agustin Alles, the 
information chief of the so-called Radio Marti. Several station 
employees say Alles is one of Mas Canosa's agents at the station. 

