BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, June 3 (XINHUA) -- Despite China's rapid 
economic development, the country's environmental problems are 
coming under control, with only a few regions facing serious 
environmental pollution, the State Bureau of Environmental 
Protection said here today. 
  "Although China is facing increasing pressures from 
environmental problems as the country has taken energy, raw 
materials and other basic industries as the top priorities for 
development, the country has still achieved progress in the 
control of industrial pollution," the bureau said in its annual 
report on the country's environmental and ecological situation. 
  According to the report, in 1993 the amount of smoke and 
dust 
released into the air in urban areas remained the same as in 
1992. 
  "The water quality in rivers, reservoirs, underground and 
offshore remains fine," the report says. 
  "The country's forests are expanding, and the areas of 
nature 
reserves now account for 6.8 percent of the country's total 
territory," the report says. 
  "But the volume of mature forest trees which can be logged 
is 
shrinking," it notes. 
  "The degradation, desertification and saltification of 
grassland are continuing, while the loss of water and soil 
remains serious," the report adds. 
  "Over-exploitation of underground water in urban areas is 
rampant and the deterioration of the eco-environment of the 
country's fishing industry is yet to be controlled," it warns. 
  The report blamed coal burning for the air pollution in many 
of China's cities. "Such air pollution is more serious in 
winter and in big cities than in summer and small towns. 
  "In 1993, more Chinese cities suffered from acid rain than 
in 
the previous year," according to the report. 
  Meanwhile, Xie Zhenhua, director of the State Bureau of 
Environmental Protection, promised, "China will devote more 
efforts to environmental protection while speeding up economic 
development." 

