BFN 

  [Text] Kanazawa, April 14 KYODO -- A business leader on 
Thursday [14 April] expressed fears that a delay in the 
selection of a successor to Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa 
could smother the first signs of an economic recovery. 
  Masaru Hayami, chairman of the Japan Association of 
Corporate 
Executives (Keizai Doyukai), told a news conference in this city 
on the Japan sea coast, "I'm concerned that a political vacuum, 
if prolonged, would further delay passage of (the fiscal 1994 
national) budget." 
  The current domestic political turmoil was caused by 
Hosokawa's abrupt announcement last Friday that he will step 
down. 
  The ruling coalition is seeking a successor to Hosokawa but 
has yet to reach agreement, although the latest indications are 
that Tsutomu Hata, deputy prime minister and foreign minister, 
is widely viewed as the most likely successor. 
  Hayami noted that housing construction and sales of some 
consumer electrical machines, such as refrigerators and washing 
machines, are growing markedly. 
  The improved showing apparently stems from the favorable 
effects of a supplementary budget for fiscal 1993 which ended 
March 31, he said. 
  "Japanese business confidence is edging forward, reflecting 
an upturn in the U.S. and Asian economies," Hayami said. 
  The business leader expressed regret that Hosokawa is 
leaving 
his post before carrying through political reform and said he 
hopes that his successor will continue to push for such reform 
as a major task of the new administration. 

