Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed report: "Paris Does Not Deny Receiving </F>
Saddam's Son-in-Law After Surgery in Amman"] 
  [Excerpt] Paris, London, AL-HAYAH -- Staff Lieutenant 
General Husayn Kamil Hasan, the Iraqi president's adviser, left 
Amman yesterday after undergoing brain surgery for the removal 
of a brain tumor. It has been rumored that he was moved to 
Paris for further treatment. The French Foreign Ministry 
refused to confirm the report but did not deny it. 
  A medical source in the Jordanian capital has confirmed that 
Husayn Kamil Hasan, Saddam's son-in-law, did leave the hospital 
after the "delicate" operation. He added that the tumor was not 
cancerous. It should be noted that Saddam's son-in-low is the 
head of the Iraqi Military Industrialization Authority. 
  A French Foreign Ministry source said that he could not 
confirm or deny that the Iraqi president's adviser was moved to 
Paris. 
  Sources of the Unified Iraqi National Congress have told 
AL-HAYAH that Husayn Kamil was moved to Paris in the company of 
a Jordanian doctor and that the operation to take a brain cell 
biopsy lasted eight hours, after which Saddam's son-in-law was 
kept in an intensive care unit and then at dawn on Tuesday was 
moved to "an unknown location" before he was taken to Paris 
yesterday. 
  The sources concluded that the operation revealed the 
seriousness of Husayn Kamil's case, necessitating his transfer 
to France. [passage omitted] 

