BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Juan Manuel Diaz C.] </F>
  [Text] Panamanian Foreign Minister Jose Raul Mulino stated 
that 75 percent of the agreements signed by Panama on the 
subject of drug trafficking have not been ratified by the 
Legislative Assembly. 
  Mulino said that the Foreign Ministry has reached a series 
of 
agreements with various countries to combat drug trafficking and 
other related activities, such as money laundering, but that the 
assembly has shelved these initiatives. 
  According to the diplomat, Panama signed a Mutual Legal 
Assistance Treaty (MLAT) with England last year, but the 
document has yet to be approved. 
  He emphasized that all efforts made with Colombia and other 
nations will be nullified if definite approval is not achieved 
during this period. He added that this would leave the country 
in arrears regarding means of cooperating to fight drug 
trafficking. 
  The foreign minister said that approximately 15 treaties are 
awaiting the Assembly's ratification or rejection, but that 
these need to be quickly implemented. 
  The U.S. Senate recently released a document asserting that 
Panama is one of the countries that have cooperated least in the 
war against drug trafficking and money laundering. 
  However, the national government denies these accusations, 
arguing that it has enforced a series of norms to combat drug 
trafficking, including its adherence to the Vienna Convention 
and enforcing a decree that compels tourists to fill customs 
declarations for assets in excess of $10,000. 
  The Foreign Ministry is expected to send a formal protest 
note to the U.S. Government shortly. 

