BFN 

  [Text] As we have already reported, a Vietnamese National 
Assembly delegation led by Comrade Nong Duc Manh, member of the 
party Political Bureau and National Assembly chairman, paid an 
official visit to the Republic of India from 20 to 26 April at 
the invitation of His Excellency Patil, speaker of the Indian 
lower house [Lok Sabha]. It was a high-level delegation of the 
Vietnamese National Assembly, led by its chairman, that paid 
this official visit to the Republic of India. 
  The delegation paid courtesy calls on President Dr. Shankar 
Dayal Sharma and Prime Minister Narasimha Rao. It also held 
talks with Patil, speaker of the Indian lower house, and met 
with MP's representing the major political parties of the Indian 
Parliament. They exchanged views on the activities of the 
national assemblies of both countries and on issues of mutual 
concern. 
  The delegation also met with Harkishan Singh Surjit, general 
secretary of the Communist Party of India-Marxist, CPI-M, and 
Inderjit Gupta, general secretary of the Communist Party of 
India, CPI. Prasad, chairman of the Parliamentarian Committee 
for Population and Development, paid a courtesy call on Chairman 
Nong Duc Manh. 
  The Vietnamese National Assembly delegation led by Chairman 
Nong Duc Manh successfully concluded its official visit to the 
Republic of India and returned to Hanoi on the afternoon of 28 
April. 

