Language: <F P=105> Serbo-Croatian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Belgrade, 28 Jan (TANJUG) -- "I think that now is 
the right time in history not only to resolve the crisis (in the 
former Yugoslavia) but also to improve Yugoslav-Hungarian 
relations," Hungarian Foreign Minister Geza Jeszenszky said 
today, at the end of his two-day visit to the Federal Republic 
of Yugoslavia. 
  At a joint news conference with Yugoslav Foreign Minister 
Vladislav Jovanovic at the Palace of the Federation Jeszenszky 
pointed to the consequences of the unjust international 
sanctions both for Yugoslavia and for Hungary and said that the 
purpose of his visit was to "see what could be done when the 
sanctions are lifted," so that the two countries "can fully 
promote bilateral economic, cultural, and political relations." 
  Jeszenszky noted with satisfaction that the bilateral 
relations and relations between citizens had not deteriorated. 
He added that in the talks today with President Lilic and Prime 
Minister Kontic, as well as during the talks last night with 
Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic, which the president of the 
DZVM [Democratic Community of Vojvodina Hungarians], Andras 
Agoston, also attended. He was informed that members of the 
Hungarian national minority in Serbia enjoyed all rights 
guaranteed by the Serbian constitution, in keeping with the 
highest standards envisaged by CSCE documents. 
  Recalling that he had talked at length today with Yugoslav 
Foreign Minister Vladislav Jovanovic about the efforts the 
Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was making toward a peaceful 
resolution of the crisis in the former Yugoslavia, about the 
opening of new border crossings, the importance of free traffic 
on the river Danube, cooperation in curbing international crime, 
and relations between the CSCE and Yugoslavia, Jeszenszky said 
that the two foreign ministers would meet again soon. 
  He added that he was leaving Yugoslavia convinced it was 
everyone's wish "that the difficult period (of sanctions) should 
end, the situation should return to normal and that, as regards 
Europe and European relations, our ties should assume a new 
quality." 

