BFN 

  [Text] Up to now Burundi has been spared the murderous 
folly rocking Rwanda, but clashes have been reported, which 
leads to fears of contamination. Here is the interim president 
of Burundi, who is president until 1 July. Sylvestre 
Ntibantunganya spoke to Dominique de Courcelles: 
  [Begin recording] [Ntibantunganya] [passage indistinct] 
Burundi is necessarily affected by what happens in Rwanda, all 
the more so because (?we have always regarded Rwanda as our 
twin), and you know that with twins, when one suffers, the other 
(?follows) and [words indistinct], and we are catching the [word 
indistinct] of the Rwandan crisis today. So we are very much 
involved for two reasons: First, what is happening in Rwanda is 
a humanitarian crisis, and we can see its consequences, and we 
can also see its seriousness, given what we [word indistinct] a 
few days ago. 
  Second, what is happening in Rwanda, (?if we don't find a 
solution) could have negative repercussions, not only on 
Burundi, but also on the subregion. 
  So, what are we suggesting? We are suggesting that the two 
sides should sign and implement a cease-fire very quickly. 
Second we are suggesting that the two sides should return to 
the Arusha accords. There is no other [words indistinct]. 
Neither the Rwanda Patriotic Front [RPF] nor the Rwandan 
government can govern Rwanda today without reference to the 
Arusha peace accords, which have to be modified today, given the 
rather unusual context. What struck me is that everyone is 
concerned that peace must return to Rwanda quickly. 
  [De Courcelles] [passage indistinct] 
  [Ntibantunganya] Yes, why not? After all, we do have easier 
contacts with (?that) country. The Burundian Government is very 
well acquainted with the different sides in the Rwandan crisis, 
and we think that we can have contacts at a deep level, based on 
diplomacy [passage indistinct]. 
  [De Courcelles] Specifically? 
  [Ntibantungyana] Specifically, (?I mean), we know the 
Rwandans, we know the people in the government and we know the 
ones in the RPF. (?What we are going to try) to do is to make 
deep level contacts with them. 
  [De Courcelles] Here? 
  [Ntibantungyana] Here, and in our subregion, and we have 
already started, in fact. 
  [De Courcelles] Telling them what? 
  [Ntibantungyana] Telling them: Stop. First because, if you 
continue to fight, it is a [word indistinct] (?of your people), 
and second, if you continue to fight, you are in danger of 
setting the whole of the subregion on fire, and you will bear 
the historical responsibility for it. [end recording] 

