CSO 

  [Text] More cannabis has been seized in 1994 than in 
the last five years--put together, shock figures show. 
  The drug confiscations mark a major triumph for Customs 
officers and Police. 
  But they also ring alarm bells over the amount of drugs 
being 
channelled into the Island. 
  "There have been a few large seizures this year--much larger 
than normal," said Police spokeswoman Sgt. Roseanda Jones. 
  Recently a staggering 500 lb haul of marijuana--worth $12 
million--was confiscated, she added. 
  "It looks as though we are heading for a record year." 
  Sgt. Jones went on to say there was evidence of more young 
people getting involved in drugs. 
  Figures show 324 kilos of cannabis have been seized between 
January 1 and April 11--a larger haul than in any of the eight 
previous years. 
  It compares, for instance, with just 22 kilos in 1993. 
  The kilo amounts for previous four years were: 135 (1992); 
24 
(1991); 76 (1990); and 60 (1989). 
  Added up, the weight for 1989-93 comes to 317 kilos of 
cannabis--seven less than in little over three months this year. 
  Statistics, in kilos, for the years back to 1982 show: 42 
(1988); 36 (1987); 74 (1986); 495 (1985); 557 (1984); 644 
(1983); and 188 (1982). 
  Most of the cannabis was seized by Customs officers--either 
at the Airport or docks. 
  Collector of Customs Mr. Gerry Ardis said: "We have made a 
substantial amount of seizures this year. 
  "It is certainly a larger amount than in any comparable 
period in previous years." 
  But he cautioned against reading too much into the figures. 
  "I would be very loathe to say just because we have seized 
more marijuana a trend is developing." 
  Mr. Ardis accepted, however, the confiscations were a 
triumph 
of tough training. 
  "Certainly over the last five years there has been intense 
training in drug interdiction. 
  "We also have many detection systems in place, and they are 
bearing fruit." 
  Mr. Ardis said most drugs came through or from the United 
States. 
  Sgt. Jones explained drug seizures could be linked to a 
number of factors. 
  These included one or two major seizures bumping up the 
statistics, and better drug detection. 
  Cannabis is also more bulky than other drugs, and difficult 
to conceal. 
  Sgt. Jones went on to point out: "The statistics are not 
really showing how much of a percentage of drugs we are seizing." 
  "Right now many people are involved in importing drugs. The 
dynamics have changed a lot over the years. 
  "We are getting many people involved, including more young 
people." 
  Sgt. Jones explained drug seizures used to be made up of a 
joint squad of Customs officers and Policemen. 
  They worked together at the Airport and the docks. 
  But this system was ended in May 1992, and now Customs 
officers take on the main responsibility. 
  "Police officers have been cut back in this area. I would 
say 
Customs officers are in the front line now of interdiction." 
  Sgt. Jones said it was felt Customs were best-placed to 
detect contraband. 
  It is not just cannabis, however, that is troubling Police. 
  Police have also voiced fears about a sharp increase in 
violent crime being linked to a heroin comeback. 
  The number of armed robberies over the past three months has 
already doubled figures for the same period last year. 
  It is thought drug addicts desperate for a "fix" resort to 
crime. 

