BFN 

<F P=106> [By Aris R. Ilagan] </F>
  [Text] Gen. Arturo T. Enrile, chief of staff of the Armed 
Forces of the Philippines (AFP), cited yesterday the improved 
internal peace and order situation in the country as he stressed 
that "no group is capable of destabilizing the government in 
this period." 
  "I can claim with confidence that today, no domestic threat 
group is capable to mount any destabilization moves against our 
government," Enrile said. 
  Enrile, who had been promoted to a full general by President 
Ramos, AFP commander-in-chief, said the improving local peace 
and order can be attributed to the weakening forces of the 
secessionist Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) and the Moro 
Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), the communist New People's Army 
(NPA), and the rightist Rebolusyonaryong Alyansang Makabansa 
[Revolutionary Nationalist Alliance] (RAM). 
  Leaders of the MNLF, led by its chairman Nur Misuari, and 
the 
RAM, headed by former Army Lieutenant Colonel Gregorio "Gringo" 
Honasan, have forged a cease-fire agreement with the government 
in view of the peace talks with the rebel groups. 
  Enrile said the combined strength of the MNLF-MILF decreased 
from 26,200 in 1988 to 19,000 this year. 
  "This figure seems immaterial as we do not anymore talk with 
them of war but of peace," the AFP chief said during a regular 
breakfast forum of the United Nations Walkers Club at the Manila 
Pavilion Hotel in Ermita. 
  The government remains optimistic on the success of the 
peace 
process with the rebel groups, he said. 
  On the communist insurgency problem, Enrile said the decline 
in the strength of the NPA, worsened by the factionalism in the 
communist movement, has already caused demoralization among the 
communists. 

