Article   Type:BFN 

  [Editorial Report] The following is a compilation of 
reports on Panamanian economic developments monitored through 3 
January. Source is cited in parentheses following each item. 
  The construction sector grew substantially in 1993. The 
Panamanian Chamber of Construction reports construction permits 
were issued for $327 million, a 60-percent increase in value 
over permits issued in 1992 -- $252 million were issued in 
Panama City and $80 million were issued to the public sector. 
The figures reveal 25,000 workers were directly employed in the 
construction sector and 15,000 were indirectly employed. 
(Panama City Circuito RPC Television Network in Spanish 2300 
GMT 30 Dec 93) 
  Roy Cardenas, director of marine resources in the Ministry 
of 
Commerce and Industry, says although Panamanian industrialists 
claim they have lost $60 million due to the U.S.'s tuna embargo, 
the actual loss is only $30 million. (Panama City EL SIGLO in 
Spanish 29 Dec 93 p 12) 
  A recent study by Rosa Elena de la Cruz of the Planning and 
Economic Policy Ministry states that economic growth by itself 
is not enough to reduce poverty. Unemployment dropped 20 
percent in 1990 and 13.6 percent in 1992. In 1991, poverty was 
reduced to 48.5 percent and in 1992 to 40 percent of the 
population. Rural poverty is becoming urban poverty as the poor 
move to the cities. (Panama City LA ESTRELLA DE PANAMA in 
Spanish 30 Dec 93 p 40) 

