Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Santa Fe de Bogota, 7 Mar (EFE) -- Conservative 
presidential hopeful Andres Pastrana today criticized the 
government's decision to establish commercial relations with 
Cuba without first demanding a pronouncement by Cuban President 
Fidel Castro condemning the Colombian guerrillas. 
  Pastrana noted that Castro has not made any pledges to 
Colombia, and he added that in order to strengthen commercial 
relations, which were interrupted more than a decade ago because 
of Cuban support for the Colombian guerrillas, the Cuban leader 
must clarify his relationship with the guerrillas. 
  The presidential hopeful recalled that the top leader of the 
Army of National Liberation -- the former Spanish priest Manuel 
Perez -- has repeatedly said his movement is Cuba's mouthpiece 
in Colombia, and this, in turn, requires that Castro make a 
statement. Speaking in the town of Rioacha, Guajira, Pastrana 
said the resumption of commercial relations harms Colombia more 
than it benefits Cuba. 
  "As everybody knows, a boycott of Colombian products in the 
United States has been announced," the conservative hopeful 
indicated. 
  Last week, after the Colombian Government announced it will 
sell 20,000 barrels of oil a day to Cuba, the decision prompted 
a strong reaction among Cuban exiles in Miami, who have launched 
a campaign in the United States against the purchase of 
Colombian products. 

