BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by ITAR-TASS correspondents Viktor Demidenko, </F>
Mikhail Melnik] 
  [Text] Kiev May 13 TASS -- The process of dismantling and 
pullout of nuclear warheads from Ukraine into Russia is under 
full control and goes ahead as scheduled. A total of 180 
warheads had been removed from Ukraine to the Russian Federation 
by now, said Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk in an interview 
with ITAR-TASS at an opening ceremony of the Kiev spring fair on 
Friday. 
  "It is no secret for anyone that combat nuclear missiles 
stationed on the Ukrainian territory were not under Ukraine's 
control since the `nuclear button' was in Moscow. Besides, 
Ukraine never sought to take possession of such dangerous 
weapons," the Ukrainian president said. He confirmed Ukraine's 
intention to implement in full a tripartite agreement signed by 
the Russian, Ukrainian and the U.S. presidents at the beginning 
of 1994. 
  "We signed the agreement, hoping that other nuclear 
countries 
would take adequate measures and begin disarmament," Kravchuk 
said. He pointed out that according to information at his 
disposal the United States intends to make large-scale cuts of 
their nuclear arsenals, fulfilling agreements reached during the 
Moscow meeting. 
  He went on to say that by the end of May all American 
missiles targeted at Ukraine would be re-coded. "The time comes 
when our countries will really switch over from words of 
friendship and cooperation to concrete deeds," he said. 

