BFN 

  [Text] Medellin, Colombia, 9 Apr (AFP) -- Drug trafficker 
Juan David Ochoa will have to serve 15 additional months in 
jail, with respect to his initial sentence, although he has also 
won a $100,000 reduction in his fine, the regional prosecutor's 
office in Antioquia Department, northeastern Colombia, reported 
on Saturday. Thus, the sentence of the eldest of the three Ochoa 
Clan brothers now stands at 93 months in jail (instead of 78), 
and he will pay, thanks to the reduction of his fine, $300,000 
(240 million pesos) instead of $400,000. 
  Juan David Ochoa, together with his brothers Jose Luis and 
Fabio, of the Medellin drug cartel, voluntarily surrendered to 
justice in 1991. The first sentence handed down against the 
confessed "narco" at the beginning of this year for collusion, 
illegal enrichment, and financing clandestine laboratories to 
process cocaine took into account his good conduct, work, and 
studies in prison. 
  The decision to increase his jail sentence and reduce his 
fine were negotiated under the surrender to justice policy that 
grants benefits to drug traffickers and paramilitaries who 
voluntarily surrender, confess to at least one crime, and agree 
to return money obtained through illegal means. According to 
unofficial reports, the former "capo" did not have the money to 
pay his fine and thus agreed to spend an additional 15 months in 
prison in exchange for a reduction of that fine. 
  It has also been reported that the sentence meted out to 
paramilitary Jose Otoniel Vanegas, who also surrendered 
voluntarily to authorities, was reduced to 15 years in prison 
for the murder of Conservative Party Senator Alfonso Ospina 
Ospina in 1988. The National Tribunal considered that his 
initial penalty -- 19 years -- had been excessive and granted 
him a four-year reduction. 
  The measures against Ochoa and Vanegas were adopted within 
the framework of reversal hearings for the anticipated 
conclusion of their trials, which were carried out in the 
presence of the prisoners, their defense attorneys, Deputy 
Prosecutor General Jose Sintura, Attorney General's Office 
representatives, a prosecutor, and a regional judge. 

