BFN 

  [Text] Before the end of 1994 the European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development will allocate credits amounting 
to $100 million to Moldova. The parties reached this agreement 
in the course of the negotiations between the Moldovan 
delegation and the EBRD leadership late April in London, the 
republic's Prime Minister Andrey Sangeli declared to Financial 
Information Agency. 
  In particular, a $26-million credit will be channeled for 
the 
reconstruction of seven wine-producing factories and financing 
of the construction of a glass factory in Kishinev [Chisinau] 
with the participation of foreign investors. A $20-million 
credit is to be used to support Moldova's fuel and energy 
complex (in particular, for the reconstruction of the central 
heating station in the city of Beltsy and for the financing of 
the governmental program on energy economy). The EBRD intends 
to open a credit line totalling $20 million to back private 
entrepreneurs in Moldova. 
  The order and conditions of credits are to be finally 
coordinated in August 1994, underlined Sangeli, however, it is 
suppose that for the Republic's commercial banks the interest 
rate on credits would not exceed 10 percent. 
  Until now the International Monetary Fund and International 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development have rendered assistance 
to Moldova. The total volume of their financial aid to the 
republic has exceeded $300 million. 

