Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, February 11 (KCNA) -- Papers here today 
dedicate editorial articles to the 15th anniversary of the 
victory of the islamic revolution in Iran. 
  NODONG SINMUN says that the downfall of the dictatorial 
regime and the victory of the revolution in Iran proved again 
the historical truth that reactionaries repressing the 
independence of the popular masses are doomed to downfall and 
the victory of the just cause of the popular masses is 
inevitable. 
  Noting that after the victory of the revolution the Iranian 
people have advanced along the road chosen by them, overcoming 
the manifold difficulties and trials, the paper says: 
  The Islamic Republic of Iran is pursuing independent foreign 
policy. The Iranian people are opposed to all sorts of 
domination and submission and are developing the friendly and 
cooperative relations with different countries of the world. 
They are striving to ensure peace and security in the Perusian 
Gulf. 
  The Korean people extend full support and solidarity for the 
struggle of the Iranian people to accelerate economic 
reconstruction and improve the looks of the country. 
  The bonds of friendship and cooperative relations between 
Korea and Iran are continuously strengthening and developing. 
The development of these excellent relations is beneficial to 
the building of a new society in the two countries and conducive 
to promoting friendship and solidarity of the Asian people and 
regional development. 
  Korea-Iran friendship will continue to consolidate and 
develop as in the past. 
  The Korean people wish the Iranian people greater success in 
their work to build an independent and prosperous new Iran, 
MINJU CHOSON says. 

