Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Pavel Kiznetsov] </F>
  [Text] Moscow February 4 TASS -- A tiny group in the 
Russian State Duma, which had split from the pro-Yeltsin 
Russia's Choice bloc, opposed the statement of leaders of all 
factions who warned the Russian president they may not ratify 
the Russian-Georgian treaty which he signed on Thursday. 
  The "Union of December 12" group, which was not even been 
registered because of tiny membership, issued a statement on 
Friday welcoming the treaty and characterising it as "a timely 
and politically justified action capable of averting several 
negative tendencies, including the search by Georgia for new 
allies among its neighbours which can result in the loss of 
Russian influence in the region". 
  The faction criticised other lawmakers for their attitude to 
the treaty. 
  On Wendesday leaders of all factions of the State Duma, 
including Yegor Gaydar, expressed concern over the military 
aspect of the Russian-Georgian treaty and warned they may not 
ratify it. 
  "The provisions of the treaty envisaging, in particular, a 
further agreement on assisting Georgia in creating its armed 
forces, in arming them and providing for them weapons, military 
equipment and technologies can, as we believe, detsabilise the 
situation in the Caucasus and become a barrier for the 
ratification of the treaty by the State Duma", they said in a 
letter to the president signed by speaker Ivan Rybkin. 
  Yeltsin, in his turn, said that the treaty will not be 
submitted for parliament ratification until Georgia settles the 
conflicts in its two self-styled regions of South Ossetia and 
Abkhazia. 

