Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Nkululeko Dlamini] </F>
  [Text] The new human rights group, Movement for National 
Redemption (Monare), has warned of a confrontation between 
various political forces here. The interim president of the 
organization, Mr. Patrick Msibi yesterday said: "In a research 
which was carried out by the organization from March 1993 to 
December of the same year, we were able to get hold of tangible 
evidence to the effect that a confrontation is looming in 
Swaziland." 
  He said the research also revealed that the forces concerned 
have since targeted some structures which they want to destroy. 
These include schools and bridges. He would not name the 
organizations, but mentioned that they are known. 
  He said the view of Monare is that to most Swazi people who 
are not satisfied with the current political situation whose 
foundations were laid by the Vusela [greetings) committees, the 
negotiation chapter for politics has ended. "Our feeling is 
that this confrontation could be avoided in the interest of the 
right to life, property, and economic stability." 
  He mentioned that most countries attain utmost respect for 
rights through the barrel of the gun. "We feel that Swaziland 
could be a good example by avoiding this confrontation 
peacefully," he said. 
  A comment from the police with regard to this claim was not 
available as senior officers were reported held in a meeting 
yesterday. 

