BFN 

  [Text] Baghdad, Apr 16, INA -- An Iraqi paper said that 
those saying that Russia has ended as a super power should 
reconsider their calculations and the way of thinking. 
  The community of independent states summit yesterday 
authorized Russia to send forces to any part of the world 
without prior permission from the United Nations. 
  The paper "BABIL" said that this authorization indicates 
several realities, prominent among which is that Russia has 
started restoring influence over the former Soviet republics, 
the manner that means an increased international weight for 
Russia. It added that this also means that Russia rejects the 
idea of minimizing its role and turning it into a subordinate 
power to the United States. 
  The Iraqi paper said that this shift also indicates the fall 
down of hypothesis saying that Russia does not possess the 
economic and political weight to perform the role of the 
superpower which was originally propagated by the United States 
for the sake of pushing world peoples and Russia itself to a 
state of desperation and surrender. 
  The paper added that despite the disintegration and collapse 
of the Soviet Union as planned by the United States, Russia 
remained cohesive and maintained a spirit of resistance and 
challenge to return to the international arena. 
  The paper further said that the new Russian attitude means a 
message of warning to the United States saying it should stop at 
a certain point and also ushers a signal of a possible return to 
the Cold War because the new language of Russia implied meanings 
of concern to the United States, foremost among which is that 
factors influencing the future of Russia were internal and not 
external. 

