Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Brasilia, 16 Mar (EFE) -- A poll on vote preferences 
for the upcoming elections, carried out by the independent 
institute IBOPE [Brazilian Public Opinion and Statistics 
Institute] and published by the newspaper CORREIO BRASILIENSE 
today, indicates that Brazilian presidential candidate [Luiz] 
Inacio "Lula" da Silva is leading, with 31 percent of the 
preferences. 
  Da Silva, 48, the Workers Party (PT, socialist) leader and a 
lathe operator, has strong electoral support from poorly 
educated and poor Brazilians for the general elections of 3 
October. 
  IBOPE polled 2,000 potential voters between 5 and 10 March 
in 
various cities in our country, asking them about the 
presidential candidate they will support in the general 
elections. 
  According to the poll Jose Sarney, 64, ranks second in the 
vote preferences (with 13 percent) while Paulo Maluf, 63, mayor 
of Sao Paulo and a conservative leader, ranks third (with 10 
percent). 
  Social Democratic Senator Fernando Henrique Cardoso, 62, the 
finance minister and architect of the economic stabilization 
program, ranks fourth (with 9 percent). 
  Da Silva has been fully engaged in the electoral campaign 
since last year; Maluf has announced he will quit the Sao Paulo 
mayoralty on 2 April to prepare his candidacy; and Sarney has 
pledged not to run for president in the next elections. 
  Even though he has still not confirmed his possible 
candidacy, Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB) sources 
guarantee that Cardoso will resign from his post in late March 
to dedicate himself to his presidential candidacy. 
  About 100 million Brazilians will elect the president of the 
Republic, 513 federal deputies, 54 senators, 27 governors, and 
about 1,000 state legislators in the October elections. 

