BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, June 6 KYODO -- Peruvian President Alberto 
Fujimori reiterated Peru's wish to join the Asia-Pacific 
Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum, Foreign Ministry officials 
said Monday [6 June]. 
  Fujimori voiced the bid in a dinner meeting with Prime 
Minister Tsutomu Hata, the officials said. 
  Hata told Fujimori that APEC agreed last November to freeze 
new membership to the forum for three years. 
  Although Japan has urged other APEC member nations to allow 
Peru's participation in the forum's working group meetings, no 
consensus was achieved, Hata was quoted as saying. 
  Fujimori is in Japan on a four-day unofficial visit that 
began Sunday. He is to leave for China Wednesday for an 
official state trip. 
  The visit is Fujimori's fifth to Japan, including one before 
he became president. 
  Also during the two-hour dinner meeting, Hata called for 
Peru's cooperation so Japan could provide yen loans to Peru. 
  The loans are to cover three projects to rehabilitate water 
and sewage facilities in Lima, improve harbor facilities in 
Peru's main seaport of Callo Bay, and to complete irrigation 
facilities, the officials said. 
  Hata also told Fujimori Japan plans to send a mission to 
Peru 
as soon as possible to study Tokyo's future economic and 
technical cooperation, they said. 
  Japan suspended sending experts to Peru after the July 1991 
murder of three aid workers but partially resumed technical 
cooperation to Peru this January. 
  Hata also gave high marks to Fujimori's tackling of 
terrorism 
and economic reforms, the officials said. 
  Fujimori told Hata he has achieved most of his initial goals 
to tackle terrorism, economic and administrative reforms, and 
accumulated debt. 

