BFN 

    [Editorial Report] Following is a compilation of reports 
monitored by FBIS Mbabane Bureau from 25 Apr-1 May concerning 
outbreaks of and reports on various diseases. Items are listed 
by country and disease. The source follows each item. 
<H5>  Angola </H5>
  Cholera -- "A serious cholera outbreak, the biggest over the 
past four years, is progressively spreading in the Angolan 
coastal provinces. The Voice of Resistance of the Black 
Cockerel learned this from the KWACHA UNITA PRESS [KUP]. 
According to KUP, Luanda Province is topping the list with more 
than 25 cases of cholera per day. It is followed by Cuanza Sul 
Province which is also experiencing an outbreak of bilharzia. 
Health sources fear many people could die of the disease 
because hospitals have no conditions to effectively fight the 
disease. Cholera kills more than 30,000 people in Angola every 
year. The main victims are children." (Jamba Voz da Resistencia 
do Galo Negro in Portuguese 1200 GMT 1 May 94) 
<H5>  Mozambique </H5>
  AIDS -- "A total of 60 AIDS cases were reported in Tete 
Province between January and March of 1994, raising to 336 the 
number of cases recorded since 1986. The Tete Province Health 
Services Directorate has said that AIDS is spreading throughout 
the province at a frightening pace." (Maputo Radio Mozambique 
Network in Portuguese 1730 GMT 26 Apr 94) 
  Measles -- "Manica Province registered 265 cases of measles 
last year, against 108 diagnosed in 1992. This was revealed 
during the 22d provincial health coordinating council meeting. 
The meeting also revealed that more than 420,000 consultations 
were carried out throughout the province last year, following 
the normalization of security conditions." (Maputo Radio 
Mozambique Network in Portuguese 1400 GMT 29 Apr 94) 

