Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Galina Gridneva] </F>
  [Text] Dushanbe, 11 Mar -- Kozidavlat Koimdodov, deputy 
chairman of the republican Supreme Soviet, described the murder 
of Moyonsho Nazarshoyev, deputy chairman of the Tajikistan 
Council of Ministers, as "a planned terrorist act." 
  Let me remind you that the 64-year-old Nazarshoyev, a native 
of Gornyy Badakhshan, was shot with an automatic weapon last 
night by unknown persons, in the courtyard of his own home. 
Twenty bullets were fired at him. The criminals escaped. 
  The deputy parliamentary speaker said today in an exclusive 
interview to an ITAR-TASS correpondent that it was an attempt to 
destabilize the social and political situation in the region, to 
wreck the process of peaceful political dialogue between the 
republic's official authorities and representatives of the 
opposition. 
  A senior source in the Tajik Government, who wishes to 
remain 
anonymous, said in an interview to an ITAR-TASS correspondent 
that he does not rule out that there will be a series of 
terrorist and subversive acts in the republic against well-known 
political figures and against the general public in the 
immediate future. He said "a kind of `fifth column' opposition 
exists in the Tajik capital and its suburbs numbering many 
hundreds." Recently, "Tajikistan's special services got hold of 
a coded message from representatives of the so-called 
irreconcilable opposition in Afghanistan recommending that 
terrorist acts against the Tajik leadership be stepped up." 

