BFN 

<F P=106> [Report attributed to BELINFORM: "Government Undertakes </F>
Measures To Toughen Crime Combating Activities"] 
  [Text] The Belarusian Cabinet of Ministers adopted a 
resolution "On Organizational Measures To Step Up Crime 
Combating Activities." 
  The resolution states that due to the growing tension in 
society, caused by the scaled up crime and climbing corruption 
that are seriously threatening the interests and economic 
security of the state, the Cabinet of Ministers, on a commission 
from the Presidium of the Belarusian Supreme Soviet, is 
completing a draft of a state program of urgent measures to step 
up crime combating activities. 
  Taking into consideration the grounded demands of the 
population to step up crime combating activities, to increase 
the responsibility of state officials, to upgrade the management 
of the legal system in the Republic, and in order to adopt this 
document, the Belarusian Cabinet of Ministers authorized the 
Ministry of Internal Affairs, the Defense Ministry, the State 
Committee for Customs, the Chief State Tax Inspection within the 
Ministry of Finance to undertake urgent measures to prevent and 
stop office misuses in the sphere of production and distribution 
of consumer goods, to provide security of citizens in the 
streets, to uncover and confiscate firearms from people who 
illegally keep it, to prevent stealing of vehicles, theft of 
fuel and lubricants, and agricultural products during sowing and 
harvesting campaigns, and other measures that provide for the 
protection of the interests of the state, the rights and core 
interests of the citizens. 
  Mass media will report on the course and results of this 
work 
to the Belarusian Cabinet of Ministers and the population of the 
Republic every three months. 
  The Ministry of Internal Affairs during the period of 
April-June 1994 will be charged with establishing: 
  -- In oblast centers and other big cities special purpose 
militia departments to stop activities of criminal groups; 
  -- Within the Minsk City Executive Committee a special 
sector 
of internal affairs to keep public order, prevent and uncover 
crimes at markets, in hotels, and other places which give rise 
to crime. 
  The Ministry of Internal Affairs and the Chief State Tax 
Inspection within the Ministry of Finance are charged with 
forming special detachments from the personnel of these 
ministries and other interested organizations to control trading 
in consumer goods and agricultural products produced in the 
local region, to uncover concealment of profits from taxation 
and the artificial setting up of monopoly prices for goods. 
  Special detachments for combating organized and economic 
crime, visa and passport sections and information centers within 
the Ministry of Internal Affairs will receive additional 
manpower from the law enforcement agencies. Special purpose 
militia departments and militia units within internal troops 
will be established in oblast centers and other big cities. 
  The Ministry of Finance is charged with issuing considerable 
assets to the Ministry of Internal Affairs to improve the 
material and technical supply of the agencies of internal 
affairs and to increase militia manpower foreseen by this 
resolution. 
  The Ministry of Internal Affairs is charged by 1 July 1994 
to 
draft a new organizational structure of the ministries, 
departments of internal affairs within the oblast executive 
committees, Minsk City and Bobruysk Town executive committees, 
the Department of Internal Affairs for transportation issues, 
taking into account tasks of the internal affairs' officers to 
step up activities for combating crime and corruption. 
  A decision was adopted to establish a coordinative council 
of 
the law enforcement agencies' chiefs with regard to the issues 
of combating crime and corruption within the Belarusian Cabinet 
of Ministers, which will be headed by Prime Minister Vyachaslaw 
Frantsevich Kebich. 
  The Ministry of Internal Affairs along with the Ministry of 
Justice, the Ministry of Economy, the Ministry of Resources, the 
Ministry of Communications, the State Committee for Industry and 
intersectoral productions are charged with drafting laws and 
submitting them for the consideration of the Cabinet of 
Ministers in 1994: 
  -- On criminal responsibility for the malicious violation of 
the administrative supervision and use of drugs for nonmedicinal 
purposes; 
  -- On responsibility for vagrancy and beggarliness; 
  -- On extension of powers and competence of militia 
departments' chiefs within the executive committees of 
corresponding soviets of people's deputies; 
  -- On introduction of tax breaks for enterprises and 
organizations which deal with production of means of 
communications, vehicles, and other types of special equipment 
and its selling to internal affairs departments. 
  The Belarusian Government deems it expedient to introduce 
official positions of government representatives to the staff of 
oblast executive committees, the Minsk City Executive Committee, 
and other city executive committees, according to appendix No. 2 
(in cities with population exceeding 100,000 people) to 
coordinate the activity of law enforcement agencies beginning 1 
April 1994. 
  The Directorate for Coordination of Activities of 
administration of the Central Office within the Belarusian 
Cabinet of Ministers is charged with controlling the 
implementation of this resolution. 

