Language: <F P=105> Turkish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] President Rauf Denktas has stressed that their duty 
should be to protect the Turkish Cypriot people's interests in 
any agreement and to establish a package which will also be 
viable for the Greek Cypriots. Denktas stated that as long as 
the Turkish Cypriots' constructive stand continues the Turkish 
Government will support the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus 
[TRNC]. 
  The TRNC delegation comprised of Denktas; Prime Minister 
Hakki Atun; Ozker Ozgur, state minister and deputy prime 
minister; Atay Ahmet Rasit, foreign affairs and defense minister 
returned to the island after completing their contacts in Turkey. 
  In a statement at Ercan [Tymbou] Airport, Denktas said that 
views were exchanged on the Cyprus issue and on the 
confidence-building measures at the meetings held with the 
Turkish delegation headed by President Suleyman Demirel. 
Indicating that the TRNC delegation also submitted its economic 
demands to the Turkish Government, Denktas said that these 
requests were received with understanding. 
  Denktas also expressed the wish that the Greek Cypriot 
administration stop its claim that it is the sole government of 
Cyprus, thus preventing the perpetuation of the negotiations. 
  Denktas said: I told you prior to my departure that I wish 
for us to return from Turkey happy and content. We have 
returned to the island happy and content. 

