BFN 

<F P=106> [By reporters Ju Mengjun (0215 1322 6511) and Hu Xiaoguang </F>
(5170 2556 0342)] 
  [Text] Bishkek, 23 Apr (XINHUA) -- Visiting Premier Li 
Peng met Medetkan Sherimkulov, chairman of the Kyrgyz Supreme 
Soviet, this afternoon. 
  Li Peng first gave Sherimkulov a briefing on the Chinese 
National People's Congress [NPC] and the Chinese People's 
Political Consultative Conference. He said: The legislative 
bodies of China and Kyrgyzstan have laid a good foundation for 
cooperation. It is hoped that the parliaments of the two 
countries will further strengthen exchanges at all levels in the 
future. He expressed the belief that joint efforts by the 
leaders, parliaments, and peoples of the two countries would 
bring about even greater development in Sino-Kyrgyz relations. 
  Sherimkulov welcomed Li Peng to Kyrgyzstan. He said that the 
two countries have always maintained fraternal friendly 
relations, that his visit to the great China last May had given 
him a very good impression, and that he had witnessed China's 
successful integration of socialism with the market economy. 
Sherimkulov asked Li Peng to extend his cordial greetings to 
Qiao Shi, chairman of the NPC Standing Committee, saying that he 
expects to receive Qiao Shi in Kyrgyzstan at an early date so as 
to usher in a new stage of contacts between the legislative 
bodies of the two countries. 

