Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpt] Our correspondent Marina Chernukha attended a 
news conference at the Defense Ministry, which was devoted to 
the call-up into the ranks of Russia's armed forces. 
  [Chernukha] Colonel General Mikhail Kolesnikov, chief of the 
General Staff, admitted quite frankly that the call-up into the 
army is proceeding with great difficulty. Our main task is to 
maintain the minimum permissible level of service manning, he 
said. According to him the army at present is manned with only 
54 percent of the privates and sergeants it needs. Meanwhile he 
still has hopes of raising this level by fall 1994 to 95 
percent. 
  Kolesnikov considers that the Law on Military Service is to 
all intents and purposes not operating. This is shown in 
particular by the fact that last year about 20,000 young men 
were able to avoid their service for no good reason. A further 
25 percent of the total number of potential conscripts are 
unable to serve for health reasons. The situation is to a great 
extent being rectified by the so-called contract men. At 
present there are about 120,000 contract servicemen in the army, 
and next year their numbers will increase by a further 150,000. 
  In conclusion, Mikhail Kolesnikov stated that by the end of 
1994 the army will have been reduced to 2,000,000 servicemen, 
which is 100,000 fewer than the figure planned in the recent 
past. [passage omitted] 

