BFN 

  [Text] On 6 June, Li Tieying, member of the CPC Central 
Committee Political Bureau, and director of the State Commission 
for Restructuring Economy, listened to a report in Zhongnanhai 
presented by Hubei Vice Governor Li Daqiang on the situation of 
promoting the Three Gorges Project with reform. He said: We 
must promote development with reform to serve the Three Gorges 
Project, and construct new Yichang well. 
  Li Daqiang reported mainly on how Hubei Province supported 
the Three Gorges Project. He stressed: Hubei is determined to 
increase the weight of reform to speed up the pace of 
establishing a modern enterprise system, and to promote 
enterprises to transform their operational mechanisms. It also 
will select a small number of enterprises that have adopted a 
correct production policy, standardized their management, 
achieved marked results, and been able to provide comprehensive 
service directly to the Three Gorges Project to take structural 
reform as their priority task. It will follow the idea of 
reform to carry out migration work well in the reservoir area. 
It will accurately select certain projects for migration work 
based on development. 
  Li Daqiang continued: Hubei is determined to grasp well 
experiments in Yichang, which is a city of comprehensive 
reforms, to promote rapid regional economic development. It 
will speed up the pace of providing comprehensive services, so 
that the policy of the central authorities on reform, 
development, and stability will be implemented throughout the 
course of carrying out the Three Gorges Project. 
  He Guanghui and Wang Shiyuan, deputy directors of the State 
Commission for Restructuring Economy, also listened to the 
report. 

