Language: <F P=105> Thai </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Unattributed report: "Reducing Leprosy to One in 10,000"] </F>
  [Text] S.N.Ph. Thira Ramsut, the Chairman of the Medical 
Prevention Group of Thailand and a doctor who was an expert in 
the treatment of leprosy, said that Thailand could reduce 
leprosy to one in 10,000 before the year 2000, the next health 
year, in accordance with the schedule of the World Health 
Organization. Therefore they would proceed quickly to send 
personnel to care for patients in the countryside, to train 
personnel and to disseminate information about this disease. 
  This expert in the disease also said that leprosy was a 
contagious disease in Thailand and that there had been no way of 
treating it 40 years ago. It had been similar to AIDS today. The 
incidence of the disease now was 1.36 per 10,000. There were 
only 6,780 registered for treatment of the disease at various 
hospitals. The numbers had fallen a great deal since the survey 
done in 1953 when it was found that Thailand had 150,000 
suffering from it. 
  He said that after the survey for leprosy at that time, the 
Leprosy Project for Thailand worked with the World Health 
Organization and UNICEF in sending mobile teams to find leprosy 
sufferers in various villages, and they set up treatment areas 
in villages or clinics to provide monthly treatments until the 
symptoms improved. In 1984 a new medicine was discovered to 
treat those sick with the disease. Treatment had taken 16 years. 
With the new medicine it required only two years. And for 
patients in whom no disease bacteria or very few disease 
bacteria were found and for whom treatmant had required about 
six years, the treatment could be shortened to six months. 

