Language: <F P=105> German </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Bonn -- The defense expert of the Social Democratic 
Party of Germany, Walter Kolbow, has described the government's 
report on the Bundeswehr as a "white paper of helplessness." In 
an interview with the private FFH radio station in Hesse, Kolbow 
stated that Ruehe described the world situation but forgot to 
explain the future development of the Bundeswehr in such a way 
that the soldiers know what they have to expect and where the 
army is going. The white paper mentions neither the future 
strength of the Bundeswehr nor details concerning compulsory 
military service. 
  The member of the Free Democratic Party of Germany Juergen 
Koppelin stated that the adherence to a strength of 370,000 men 
is not suitable for "discussing the future of the Bundeswehr in 
an unbiased way." This is more wishful thanking that does not 
correspond to the reality. The Bundeswehr will be reduced to 
345,000 soldiers by the end of 1994. 
  The defense spokesman of the Christian Democratic 
Union/Christian Social Union, Paul Breuer, however, praised the 
"1994 white paper." He described it as a balance sheet and 
important document determining the future of the Bundeswehr. 
The reduction of the number of soldiers to 300,000 by 1996, as 
claimed by the Social Democrats, serves a "short-sighted 
populism and is dangerous for Germany's external security." 

