Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The first round of the fifth session of the 
conference of African finance ministers has opened in 
Libreville. There are many items on the agenda. They include 
the project to create an African Monetary Fund, the mobilization 
of resources, the basing of African currencies on European 
currencies which, in fact, calls for the adoption of a unique 
currency. Despite the diversity of the topics and the problems 
involved, we are forced to admit that the main problem remains 
getting Africa out of this quagmire. This bleak situation made 
an authority on African affairs, Professor Rene Dumont, to say 
in the 1960's that black Africa is on the wrong path. All the 
same, structural adjustment programs were not lacking. Here, 
Layashi Yaker, executive secretary of the United Nations 
Economic Commission for Africa speaks out: 
  [Begin recording] The orthodox structural adjustment program 
can succeed in Africa only with the redefinition and the 
strengthening of the role which governments must play in the 
area of adjustment to favor greater public investment in the 
provision of infrastructure, the generation of capital, and the 
development of basic agricultural technology. This must lead to 
abundance and the adoption of a credible economic policy that 
will favor private sector participation and ensure better 
implementation of the program, better management, and political 
stability. [end recording] 

