BFN 

  [Excerpt] The Swedish Government is presenting a bill on a 
national referendum on the European Union [EU]. The bill 
formulates the question to which the Swedes will answer yes or 
no on 13 November. 
  [Unidentified correspondent] The question is: Are you of the 
opinion that Sweden should become a member of the EU in 
accordance with the agreement between Sweden and the EU member 
states? The answer can only be yes or no but it is possible to 
leave a blank ballot paper. This is a consultative referendum 
for Swedish citizens only. 
  The national referendum is expected to cost almost 125 
million Swedish kronor, which is what it costs for the Swedish 
National Tax Board to print ballot papers and to carry out the 
actual balloting. If there are any extra costs for the 
municipalities, they will have to pay for that themselves. 
  In addition, there will be an appropriation of 60 million 
Swedish kronor as campaign money: Twelve million Swedish kronor 
will be divided between the parliamentary parties, and the rest 
will be divided evenly between the pro-EU and anti-EU 
organizations. Then there is also a further 21 million Swedish 
kronor in information costs. At the same time that the Swedish 
National Tax Board sends ballot papers to all Swedish citizens 
there will also be a 12-page information leaflet on what the 
agreement with the EU means. [passage omitted] 

