Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Ahmad Huraydi Muhammad] </F>
  [Text] Security leaders in Asyut have warned against 
continuing the State Security Investigation Department's policy 
of storming the mosques of the Islamic Group in the Asyut 
Governorate. Group members respond by retaliating against the 
police. The latest such action was the assassination of 
Interior Ministry inspector Colonel Muhammad Tu'aymah, who was 
accused by the Islamic Group leaders of being responsible for 
storming the al-Rahmah mosque, the group stronghold in Asyut 
city. 
  The security leaders called for dialogue with the leaders of 
the Islamic Group to implement a previous agreement between the 
security services and the group not to carry out incidents in 
Asyut in return for leaving the Islamic Group to exercise its 
mission inside al-Rahmah mosque. Sources have affirmed that 
none of those accused of belonging to the military wing of the 
Islamic Group have entered the mosque. 
  The security leaders expect attacks on policemen and the 
assassination of police officers to continue as long as the 
al-Rahmah mosque remains under police control. The security 
forces have placed a strong guard around particular security 
leaders, including Brigadier General Sa'id Thabit Abu-al-Ma'ali. 
Additional measures have been adopted to guard Major General 
Majdi al-Basyuni, director of the Asyut Security Department. 
His residence near the Asyut sports club is heavily guarded and 
the house's street wall has been made higher. 
  Accusations are being exchanged between the security 
services 
and the political and popular leaders over responsibility for 
the deteriorating situation in Asyut city. The have all 
emphasized the security services' failure to deal with things. 

