BFN 

<F P=106> [By Jim Cheung] </F>
  [Text] Beijing would not have any access to information on 
applicants for the British Nationality Selection Scheme (BNSS) 
after its resumption of sovereignty, the head of security said 
yesterday. Secretary for Security Alistair Asprey said 
information provided by BNSS applicants would be transferred to 
London and kept confidential after 1997. Neither Beijing nor 
the Special Administrative Region (SAR) government would have 
access to the information, Mr Asprey said. 
  The comment is expected to annoy Beijing as deputy director 
of the Xinhua News Agency, Zhang Junsheng, has warned the 
British Government that it had no right to take away any 
information from the territory after 1997. 
  Mr Asprey said information on successful applicants would be 
sent to the British Government for record purposes, while that 
of rejected applicants would be destroyed. 
  Legislators also urged the government to clarify whether 
passports issued to successful BNSS applicants could be 
differentiated from those of other British nationals. 
Independent legislator Jimmy McGregor was worried that public 
confidence could be undermined if there were ways for China to 
distinguish the identity of a successful applicant from his 
passport number. But Mr Asprey reiterated that there would not 
be any distinction on the passports issued. 
  The Security Branch is discussing the definition of Chinese 
nationals and the issue of right of abode after 1997 with the 
Chinese authorities. It will also seek to clarify what Chinese 
laws will be applicable to Hong Kong citizens after China's 
resumption of sovereignty. 

