Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Moscow Jan 22 TASS -- The Russian Foreign Ministry 
has denied allegations that Russia has offered to pay its debts 
to South Korea by selling or launching joint production of 
modern arms. 
  In an exclusive interview with ITAR-TASS, Nikolay Solovyov, 
head of the Second Department for Asia of the Russian Foreign 
Ministry, on Saturday, said that ``the Russian Foreign Ministry 
did not hand over to the Embassy of South Korea on January 19 
any official documents concerning the selling or joint 
production of missiles, submarines or other modern technologies 
as a form of debt payment for credits.'' 
  The statement followed a publication by the South Korean 
newspaper HANGUK ILBO which quoted sources in the South Korean 
Foreign Ministry as saying that Russia had officially offered to 
pay its debts for Korean credits either by selling its arms or 
launching their joint production. The newspaper also claimed 
that on 19 January the South Korean Embassy in Moscow had been 
presented with a list of military technologies offered by Russia 
for selling or joint production. It said the list had to be 
considered by the Ministries of Finance, Foreign Affairs and 
Defence. 
  The newspaper said that during his visit to Seoul in August 
1993 Aleksandr Shokhin, who was a Russian vice-prime minister at 
that time, handed over to South Korea a package of proposals on 
military and technical cooperation. Solovyov confirmed this 
information, but added that South Korea has not made an official 
reply yet. 

