BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, April 15 KYODO -- The primary opposition 
Liberal Democratic Party [LDP] should maintain unity over the 
choice of its own candidate for the premiership, a senior party 
official said Friday [15 April]. 
  "In any event, the best way for our party to return to power 
is to pull together and remain united," LDP Secretary General 
Yoshiro Mori told a news conference. 
  Mori made the remark in response to a question about former 
Foreign Minister Michio Watanabe's reported move to break away 
from the LDP, launch a new party and seek to become prime 
minister. 
  While declining direct comment on the report, Mori said he 
will closely monitor a meeting between LDP President Yohei Kono 
and Watanabe on Friday afternoon. 
  Kono is expected to ask Watanabe not to run for the 
premiership so as to avoid a major split of the LDP. 
  Watanabe's faction, the fourth largest among the LDP's five 
factions, is beefing up its campaign to promote their boss as a 
successor to Hosokawa by trying to collect signatures from some 
100 LDP members to back Watanabe's bid for power. 
  Shinseito (Japan Renewal Party) and Komeito [Clean 
Government 
Party], two of the key parties in the ruling coalition, have 
been considering the possibility of fielding Watanabe as a 
successor to outgoing Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa, should 
the influential LDP figure bolt from the LDP along with a large 
number of his cohorts. 
  Although Foreign Minister Tsutomu Hata, the leader of 
Shinseito, is widely seen as the favorite for the premiership, 
the squabbling coalition has yet to break a stalemate in the 
selection of a candidate to succeed Hosokawa, who offered to 
resign April 8. 
  Hosokawa, 56, will stay on as caretaker until a replacement 
is named. 

