BFN 

<F P=106> [By RENMIN RIBAO reporter Wu Qimin (0702 4860 2404) and </F>
XINHUA reporters Yang Guojun (2799 0948 6874) and Yu Haisheng 
(0060 3189 3932)] 
  [Excerpt] Beijing, 27 Jun (XINHUA) -- State Council Premier 
Li Peng said here today the five principles of peaceful 
coexistence, jointly laid down by China, India, and Burma four 
decades ago, have withstood the tests of a changeable 
international situation, demonstrated strong vitality, and 
played a tremendous role in promoting world peace and 
international friendship and cooperation. 
  Speaking at a meeting marking the 40th anniversary of the 
publication of the five principles of peaceful coexistence, Li 
Peng emphasized: The history of the past four decades has 
testified that the five principles of peaceful coexistence are 
universally applicable norms for international relations, as 
well as the cornerstone for establishing and developing 
relations between countries. He said: If countries with 
different ideologies, social systems, and economic development 
levels can observe the five principles of peaceful coexistence, 
it is entirely possible for them to establish relations of 
mutual trust and friendly cooperation; if these principles are 
violated, confrontation and armed conflicts may take place even 
between countries with an identical ideologies and social 
systems. 
  The meeting was officiated by Qian Qichen, State Council 
vice 
premier and concurrently minister of foreign affairs. Ding 
Guangen, Political Bureau and Secretariat member of the CPC 
Central Committee, State Council Vice Premier Li Lanqing, Geng 
Biao, Ji Pengfei, Ni Zhifu, Sun Qimeng, Chi Haotian, and Wang 
Zhaoguo; as well as senior officials of party, government, and 
Army departments Li Shuzheng, Tao Siju, Jia Chunwang, Qi 
Huaiyuan, Zeng Jianhui, He Chunlin, Tian Zengpei, Zhu Liang, Zhu 
Muzhi, and Wang Guoquan; attended the meeting. Attending the 
meeting were also representatives from party and government 
organizations, foreign envoys to China, scholars on 
international affairs, and Chinese and foreign celebrities, 
totaling some 500. [passage omitted] 

