BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article from Brussels TECH EUROPE: "MEPs </F>
Champion European Space Industry Policy"] 
  [Text] What the space industry needs is a European Union 
policy to back it up, feels the European Parliament's Committee 
on Research. So with this in mind, the Committee members 
decided on April 26 to adopt a report by Christian Rovsing (EPP, 
DK), calling on the European Commission to prepare wide-ranging 
proposals on how to promote the competitiveness of Europe's 
space industry. 
  The Committee first of all wants the Commission to improve 
its cooperation with the European Space Agency and other 
relevant European bodies. But more than this, the Committee 
members are making a plea for the Union to develop a 
full-blooded policy on space matters and so the Commission is 
urged to table proposals aimed at promoting European space 
technology applications and markets. MEPs are all in favor of 
defining a satellite navigation strategy to make sure the 
European industry makes its mark in the satellite technology 
sector. 
  On the research front, Euro-MPs believe in giving 
encouragement to European laboratories to get involved in 
developing space experiments, promoting training in space 
technology at EU level and making arrangements for the 
telecommunications dimension of the space policy to be mirrored 
in the EU's telecommunications policy. 
  As for external policy, MEPs want multilateral rules to be 
adopted so as to ensure that all is fair and above board when it 
comes to providing space launch and transport services. This 
report should be examined by the European Parliament on May 6. 

