BFN 

<F P=106> [Xavier Ventura report: "CDC Accuses Aznar of Practicing </F>
Systematic Destabilization"] 
  [Text] Barcelona -- At the Executive Committee meeting 
held on Monday [9 May] evening, the Democratic Convergence of 
Catalonia (CDC) leadership assessed very negatively the 
"systematic campaign of destabilization" conducted by the 
People's Party and in particular by its chairman Jose Maria 
Aznar. The CDC leadership's attitude had already become clear a 
few hours earlier, at the meeting of the Convergence and Union 
[CiU] coalition's liaison committee, at which the two parties 
were in agreement in their harsh criticisms of the campaign of 
the Conservative Party, which has accused CiU of holding Spain 
prisoner in return for the support that the nationalist 
coalition gives the government and that Aznar equates with 
blackmail. 
  With respect to the People's Party leader's statements, the 
CDC Executive Committee, in addition to its negative assessment, 
found that the main opposition party is still contributing no 
consistent alternative policy. In this connection, the 
Convergence leaders confirmed the decision taken by their 
chairman, Jordi Pujol, as the only valid and responsible option 
for tackling the governability that the country needs, and thus 
resolving its delicate economic situation. 
  Most of the Executive Committee meeting was devoted to 
analysis of the Spanish political situation, especially with 
respect to the corruption cases and the resignations and changes 
that have occurred in the PSOE [Spanish Socialist Workers 
Party]. Following a lengthy report from Jordi Pujol, who 
explained his talks with the the prime minister, the Executive 
Committee decided to give full support -- this time without any 
dissenting voice, unlike what happened at the liaison committee 
meeting -- to the line laid down by the party, believing that 
the stance adopted by the CiU coalition is "the most responsible 
attitude," since it gives priority to the struggle against 
corruption, the policy of economic recovery, and maximum 
implementation of the economic policy. 
  The CDC Executive Committee also found that the latest 
figures confirm the beginning of an economic recovery, which 
reaffirms the stance of CiU, which deems political stability 
essential for achieving the country's economic recovery, and 
hence increasing investment, and with it, job creation. 
  In addition, Josep Antoni Duran Lleida, Democratic Union of 
Catalonia (UDC) Steering Committee chairman, stated yesterday in 
an interview on National Radio that CiU's support for the 
Socialist government could be affected by the outcome of the 
elections to the European Parliament, to be held 12 June. The 
UDC leader explained that if the PSOE loses them by a wide 
margin -- "by a large number of goals," he said -- to the 
People's Party, it would be necessary to begin a period of 
reflection on the stance of support that the nationalists give 
the government, since in that event, Duran stated, CiU "could 
not make good the electorate's lack of support for the Socialist 
Party." 
  Nevertheless, the Christian Democrat leader emphasized that 
it is possible to deduce from his remarks only the need to 
reconsider the possible support for the PSOE -- not the 
desirability of adopting a specific stance. Duran was also 
critical of the People's Party, saying that its sole program 
contribution consists of systematically demanding the 
government's resignation and repeating, "as in a farce," that 
the nationalists are blackmailing the government. 

