BFN 

    [Editorial Report] Bratislava SME in Slovak on 6 April on 
pages 1 and 2, under the headline "The Appointment of 
Commissioners Had No Backing in Law," carries an 800-word 
interview with Interior Minister Ladislav Pittner by Boris 
Koren. In the interview, the place and date of which are not 
given, Pittner justifies the government's decision to recall 
"eight government commissioners" appointed by the former 
government of Vladimir Meciar, whose task was to "prepare" 
Slovakia's new territorial and administrative arrangement. 
Pittner explains the decision by the agreement reached by the 
present coalition that "territorial and administrative division, 
horizontal integration, and transfer of powers from the state 
administration to self-administrative bodies are problems of 
such importance that they should be tackled only by the 
government that will emerge from the early elections." He also 
argues that the appointment of the eight commissioners "had no 
backing in law" and that it "anticipated a certain form of 
administrative arrangement and administrative and territorial 
division." As he notes, the appointment of eight such 
commissioners "came suspiciously close to one of the government 
proposals," under which Slovakia was to be subdivided into seven 
or eight territorial and administrative units. 

