BFN 

  [Excerpts] You will now hear Imre Szekeres, executive 
deputy chairman of the Hungarian Socialist Party [MSZP]. 
  [Begin recording] [Szekeres] [passage omitted] The high 
turnout and the fact that, practically speaking, nothing has 
disturbed the elections -- apart from minor irregularities -- 
mean that democracy is irreversible in Hungary and this is the 
most important thing. [passage omitted] 
  [Unidentified correspondent] What do you say regarding the 
anxiety, which was expressed before the elections already, that 
in case of an MSZP success, the country would be threatened by a 
kind of reversal? 
  [Szekeres] I think that such reversal is not threatening the 
country, no matter which party wins; nobody in this country 
wants a reversal, neither the electorate nor any democratic 
political party. No reversal whatsoever is threatening because 
the MSZP's political and expert program looks forward and seeks 
solutions to the country's tasks. [passage omitted] 
  [Correspondent] It was also said prior to the elections that 
should an MSZP government be formed in Hungary, a change of 
personnel would take place in public administration. 
  [Szekeres] I think that such reports are groundless. Whoever 
should make up the next government -- the MSZP would also be a 
member -- he should be very careful that the public employees 
and the civil servants who carry out their work independent of 
political parties should not depend on a change of government. 
The practice that experts are changed every four years, after 
elections, should be changed. [passage omitted] 
  [Correspondent] Do you consider a certain kind of coalition 
with the SZDSZ [Alliance of Free Democrats] necessary after the 
second round? 
  [Szekeres] In my view, according to our original stance, we 
will only decide about starting coalition negotiations after the 
second round of the elections. We want to wait for the results 
of the elections. It should come to light how many people 
support the MSZP's program and how many support other parties so 
negotiations for forming a government can be started afterward, 
that is if the president of the republic will ask the MSZP to do 
this. 
  Our stance is that we can cooperate with parties whose 
program is close to that of the MSZP. I consider the Alliance 
of Free Democrats such a party and also the Fidesz [Federation 
of Young Democrats]. [end recording] 

