Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Washington, 27 Mar (EFE) -- Shortly after Colombian 
President Cesar Gaviria was elected to the post of OAS secretary 
general today, Colombian Foreign Minister Noemi Sanin declared 
that now the election is over, "We are a single America, working 
united." 
  In statements to EFE, Sanin emphasized the "profound" 
importance of every country that took part in the vote. She 
stressed that, for Colombia, "there is no difference between 
those who voted for or voted against us." 
  In the Colombian foreign minister's opinion, we are now "an 
entire hemisphere working united, in solidarity, for the most 
noble of causes -- the defense of democracy, the fight against 
poverty, and the safeguarding of all opportunities that arise, 
including those opportunities to promote free trade." 
  Sanin said that after she advised President Gaviria of the 
result of the election -- 20-14 in favor of Gaviria over his 
opponent, Costa Rican Foreign Minister Bernd Niehaus -- the 
president asked her to express to his "gratitude and 
recognition" to all parties, as well as to convey his "highest 
praise to Joao Clemente Baena Soares for his performance in the 
post." 
  The foreign minister, however, was more ambiguous when 
discussing the post-election speech delivered today by Foreign 
Minister Niehaus -- a very emotional speech that criticized some 
of the proceedings which, in his opinion, discriminated against 
the small countries. Foreign Minister Sanin limited herself to 
merely saying that this speech appeared to be "an emotional 
reaction." 

