BFN 

<F P=106> [Viktor Movchan report: "Power Party's Debut"] </F>
  [Text] The founding congress of Russia's Power Party 
[Derzhavnaya Partiya] was held in the settlement of Lesnoy 
Gorodok, Moscow Oblast, 17 April. The congress adopted the 
party's rules and program and elected the party's central 
organs. Stanislav Terekhov was elected the party's chairman. 
Participating in the work of the congress were the party's 
founders: representatives of the Officers Union, the analytical 
group for the history of the development of people's 
state-patriotic forces, public organizations of working people, 
industrialists, Cossacks, and parties and movements of a 
state-patriotic orientation from 15 regions of the country. 
  The new party's chief aim is to build a new society, 
progress, social justice, universal well-being, lofty 
spirituality, friendship of the peoples, and a unified Russian 
State. 
  The backbone of the party is made up of representatives of 
the Officers Union, which has outgrown the purely officers' 
movement and become a sociopolitical center and a force with a 
clearly expressed state-patriotic orientation -- which was 
threatening to erode this movement by admitting as members 
people who are not officers. On the other hand, the juridical 
status of a public movement was substantially restricting its 
participation in the political life of society. Precisely these 
reasons served as the basis for adopting the decision on the 
need to create a party which would unite people from different 
sections of society on the basis of the idea of serving the 
fatherland. 

