Language: <F P=105> Urdu </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [News Report: "Chemical Used To Prepare Heroin Recovered"] </F>
  [Text] Peshawar (City Reporter) -- The CIA [Crime 
Investigation Agency] police has recovered a huge quantity of 
chemicals used for preparing heroin. This chemical was being 
smuggled out from Peshawar. The police foiled the effort and 
arrested three persons. According to details the police learned 
that a chemical used for making heroin was being sent from 
Lahore to a man named Ziar Khan. He was to collect it at 
Pindi-Peshawar bus stop on 4 December. A police party headed by 
Shah Wali, DSP [Deputy Superintendent of Police] of CIA, was 
formed. This police party surrounded the alleged place, and 
arrested Ziar Shah and Shah Gul of Jamrud when they came to 
collect the chemical in seven boxes by producing receipt number 
8300. The police arrested [them] along with their papers. The 
accused persons later revealed that their other associate, 
Kashmir, was waiting for them in a Suzuki outside the bus stop. 
Kashmir was also arrested when he was identified by the 
suspects. It should be known that these criminals have heroin 
factories and this chemical is very important for production. A 
large amount of heroin can be manufactured with one kilogram of 
this chemical. The police have seized 210 kilograms of this 
chemical. [editorial note: report did not specify precursor 
chemical or chemicals seized] 

