CSO 

    [Editorial Report] Managua LA TRIBUNA in Spanish of 10 
April 1994 on page 3A reports that Roberto Urroz, president of 
the Nicaraguan Democratic Movement, MDN, and Miriam Arguello, 
coordinator of the committee on partial reforms, view positively 
the prospects for passing constitutional reform. Urroz said that 
all assembly factions, except for the center group, favor 
prohibiting relatives of the president from running for office. 
However, the center group would not be able to prevent passage 
of this reform, he said. Urroz explained there is "total 
agreement" to approve a reform that would prohibit a president 
from serving two consecutive terms. A former president could, 
however, run for reelection in alternate terms. Discussion is 
still under way whether to establish a system of primaries and 
run-off elections. Urroz said that, once passed, reforms would 
take place immediately. This means that Presidency Minister 
Antonio Lacayo cannot become a presidential candidate in 1996. 
  Miriam Arguello agreed that the center group and the 
National 
Unity and Reconciliation Bench are the only assembly members 
opposed to passing the reforms on reelection of the president 
and electing relatives of the president. The Sandinist Front, in 
her opinion, is against establishing primaries. Arguello 
suggested that the Executive Branch would harm the legislative 
system if reforms passed by the legislature were vetoed. 

