Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Pavel Kuznetsov] </F>
  [Text] Moscow January 4 TASS -- "One of the most difficult 
and sensitive problems is the election of leaders of the lower 
chamber of the Russian Parliament -- the Duma," said Viktor 
Sheynis, coordinator of the commission for drawing up the agenda 
and forming the Duma's working bodies. 
  According to Sheynis, the commission plans to propose three 
ways to elect the speaker and chairmen of the parliamentary 
committees and their deputies. Sheynis described the first way 
as "traditional". It envisages the consecutive election of the 
State Duma's speaker and his assistants, the election of 
committee chairmen and their deputies, and then the adoption of 
corresponding procedural rules. 
  "The second way," he noted, "is the so-called `minor 
package', when representatives of election alliances reach 
preliminary agreement on candidatures to the posts of Duma 
speaker and his assistants, who are to be elected 
simultaneously. In this case," Sheynis believes, "we get more 
leeway for manoeuvring in order to meet the interests of the 
majority of mps, if not all of them." 
  "The third way," Solovyev [name as received] stated, "is the 
'larger package.'" He believes it is the most difficult one, 
but if "this work is completed before the first session of the 
State Duma on the basis of an agreement among election 
alliances, the Duma will be able to get down quickly to 
legislative work." 

