BFN 

  [Text] The home minister has said that the center has no 
intention to destabilize any non-Congress-I government in the 
states. He described the fears expressed in some quarters that 
the Tamil Nadu government would be dismissed as baseless. Mr. 
Chavan made the remarks in the Rajya Sabha during zero hour when 
a Congress-I member, Mr. V. Narayana Swamy, drew the attention 
of the house to the reports in some papers that the center had 
some understanding with the banned LTTE [Liberation Tigers of 
Tamil Eelam] during the prime minister's visit to London last 
month. The home minister said the Tamil Nadu government is 
making irresponsible allegations against the center to shift the 
people's attention from its failure on the law and order front. 
Mr. S.B. Chavan said that the center has no hand whatsover in 
the deteriorating law and order problem in the state. Raising 
the issue during zero hour, Ms. Jayanti Natarajan -- Congress-I, 
alleged that people in the state are living in constant fear 
because of highway robberies and dacoities. This was strongly 
refuted by the AIADMK [All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam] 
members who argued that law and order is a state subject and it 
cannot be discussed in the house. However, they staged a 
walkout in protest against the chair allowing the issue being 
raised in the house. 

