BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Marie-France Chatain ] </F>
  [Excerpt] In Bosnia, the agony of Gorazde is continuing. 
It is difficult to obrtain precise information. According to 
the UNHCR, bombing has decreased drastically this morning. On 
the other hand, Bosnian radio in Sarajevo says that the 
situation is getting worse in the Muslim enclave and adds that 
Serb gunners are still shooting at civilian targets. 
  In any case, for the thousands Muslim refugees holed up in 
the city, the situation is tragic to say the least. Forty-three 
people, including six children, were killed in yesterday's 
bombing. The besieged lack everything -- food and water -- and 
thousands of people are homeless. Here is Christiane 
Berthiaume, the UNHCR spokesperson. Christiane Berthiaume has 
managed to get precise information on the situation in Gorazde: 
  [Berthiaume] People are roaming in the streets, people are 
sleeping on the streets because there isn't anywhere to house 
them. There are 30,000 refugees, 30,000 displaced people, who 
have fled from the villages around Gorazde which have fallen or 
which have been burned down and have come to find refuge in the 
city. However, even before the fighting started, 60 percent of 
the buildings had been destroyed or damaged. There is nowhere 
to put them up. Each square meter is occupied by a displaced 
person. 
  [Chatain] What are you intending to do now that things have 
become worse in Gorazde? Are you intending to repatriate your 
UNHCR representatives? 
  [Berthiaume] It is impossible to evacuate anyone from 
Gorazde 
at the moment. For several days now, we have been trying to 
evacuate at least 200 people who are lying seriously wounded in 
the hospital of Gorazde, and we cannot do it. If the wounded 
cannot leave, the personnel of the UNHCR, of Medecins Sans 
Frontiers, and of the Red Cross cannot leave either. The 
bombing is far too heavy, far too serious. It is hell there. 
[passage omitted] 

