Language: <F P=105> Mandarin </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] The Second Plenary Session of the Eighth 
Provincial CPC Committee ended in Xining yesterday afternoon 
after fulfilling all its tasks. The session proposed 
comprehensive and conscientious implementation of all the tasks 
set by this session so that the province will make a big stride 
forward in reform and construction. 
  The session further studied the decision of the CPC Central 
Committee on several questions concerning the establishment of 
the socialist market economic structure, summed up the 
province's work for this year in a down-to-earth manner, and 
arranged next year's work according to the spirit of the Third 
Plenary Session of the 14th CPC Central Committee. [passage 
omitted] 
  Provincial party Secretary Yin Kesheng made a concluding 
speech on the relevant issues and the tasks which required 
proper fulfillment. 
  He said: An important political task at present is to 
conscientiously study Deng Xiaoping's theory of building 
socialism with Chinese characteristics, volume 3 of his selected 
works in particular, and the decision of the CPC Central 
Committee on several questions concerning the establishment of 
the socialist market economic structure. Cadres at all levels 
should pay full attention to this. 
  He continued: Cadres at various levels in all institutions 
should pay serious attention changing their work style and 
should make firm determination to bring about a significant 
change in their work style. [passage omitted] 

