BFN 

  [Text] Turkish Foreign Minister Hikmet Cetin has stated 
that Turkey welcomes the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus' 
constructive contribution to keeping the process involving the 
confidence-building measures [CBM] package alive. Cetin met 
with European Union [EU] Commission member Hans van den Broek 
and later held a news conference in which he said that he had 
briefed van den Broek on the CBM package. 
  Van den Broek, in turn, stated that he had discussed the 
Cyprus issue with Prime Minister Tansu Ciller and with Cetin. 
Noting that the Cyprus issue is not new, van den Broek added 
that the failure to reach a solution on the issue is having an 
adverse affect on relations between the Turkish and Greek 
Cypriots. Explaining that the EU is not proposing any solutions 
or imposing itself on Turkey regarding a Cyprus solution, van 
den Broek noted that the EU is merely following up the proposals 
made by the UN secretary general. 
  Recalling that the Greek Cypriot Administration had applied 
for full membership in the EU, van den Broek said that the Greek 
Cypriots had been told that unless a political solution to the 
Cyprus issue was found, their sitting at the table with the EU 
was out of the question. Van den Broek added that since years 
went by with no steps being taken toward a political solution, 
the EU could no longer defend the same position and was 
therefore forced to consider the Greek Cypriot side's request 
for full membership. 

