BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Leonid Kotov] </F>
  [Text] New Delhi May 18 TASS -- Russian First Deputy 
Foreign Minister Anatoliy Adamishin held meetings with Indian 
Vice-President Kocheril Raman Narayanan and State Foreign 
Minister Raghunandan Lal Bhatia in Delhi today. They discussed 
questions concerning Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's 
forthcoming official visit to Moscow, which is scheduled to take 
place in June, 1994, the development of Russian-Indian political 
and economic ties as well as a number of international issues. 
  Both sides expressed satisfaction with the develoment of 
political contacts between Russia and India. They stressed that 
it is necessary to strengthen ties between the two countries, 
especially in the economic sphere. During the talks the Russian 
and Indian sides focused their attention at the forthcoming vist 
of head of the Indian Government P.V. Narasimha Rao to Russia 
and the completion of work at documents which will be signed 
during his stay in Moscow. 
  Speaking to Russian and foreign journalists, Adamishin 
emphasised that India acquired great significance to the first 
visit to the Russian capital by the Indian prime minister, and 
hoped that the visit will give a new impetus to bilateral 
cooperation in diverse spheres. Especially the two sides should 
strenghthen cooperation in the sphere of trade and economy in 
which great possibilities exist for new forms of cooperation, 
the Russian minister said. 
  Replying to a question by ITAR-TASS, the first deputy head 
of 
the Russian foreign department said that during the 
consultations they discussed the situation in Tajikistan. 
  "I was convinced that India strives more than in the past to 
help find a political solution to the situation on the border of 
Tajikistan. Russia supports an inter-Tajik dialogue, putting an 
end to attacks on the borders of Tajikistan, and India also 
adheres to an identical position," Adamishin said. 

