BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, March 31 (KCNA) -- A meeting was held 
here on March 30 on the lapse of ten years since the dear leader 
Comrade Kim Chong-il called for a new revolutionary turn in 
publishing and printing. 
  Kim Ki-nam, secretary of the Central Committee of the 
Workers' Party of Korea, in his report said the dear leader 
Comrade Kim Chong-il on March 31, 1984, that is, ten years ago, 
elaborated on the need to effect a new revolutionary turn in 
publishing and printing to meet the requirement of the 
developing revolution in which the whole of society was being 
modeled on the chuche idea. 
  "Receiving the highly important words of the dear leader, 
the 
Workers' Party and people of Korea became able to accelerate the 
revolutionary cause with redoubled vigor by enhancing the 
militant function and role of the the press with a mighty 
ideological and theoretical weapon for developing the 
revolutionary press suited to the nature of the socialist 
society," the reporter noted. 
  He said the dear leader has directed primary efforts to the 
strengthening of the leadership of the party over publishing and 
printing, which is vital to the development of the press and 
success of publishing activities. "As a result, our press has 
been able to invariably maintain its revolutionary character and 
successfully fulfil its mission and duty as a mighty ideological 
weapon powerfully arousing all the party members and working 
people in the accomplishment of the socialist cause, the cause 
of the party," he stressed. 
  Referring to the fundamental improvement of publishing and 
printing over the past ten years under the wise guidance of the 
dear leader, he stressed: "All these achievements clearly prove 
the validity and vitality of the words of the dear leader 
Comrade Kim Chong-il on effecting a new revolutionary turn in 
publishing and printing." 
  Outlining the tasks arising in publishing and printing, the 
reporter said the officials and working people engaged in 
publishing and printing must imbue the composition and contents 
of the publications with the chuche idea and issue more 
publications conducive to an active ideological education for 
bringing the greatness of the party home to the party members 
and the working people and further strengthening the 
singlehearted unity of the leader, the party and the masses. 

