Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Tegucigalpa, 28 Jan (AFP) -- Guatemalan President 
Ramiro de Leon Carpio today said the recent terrorist attacks in 
his country are linked to the upcoming referendum, and he added 
that some "extremist groups" do not want the democratic process 
in Guatemala to be strengthened. 
  De Leon, who attended the swearing-in ceremony of the new 
Honduran president, regretted that the bombings, blackouts, and 
some shootings, which took place in the capital last night, are 
creating tension in his country two days before the referendum. 
In Sunday's referendum, the people will decide whether to 
approve a series of constitutional reforms, the most important 
of which will allow new officials to be appointed to the 
Congress and to the Supreme Court this year. 
  De Leon said he and Honduran President Carlos Roberto Reina 
share the goals of fighting corruption, drug trafficking, and 
poverty, as well as the search for peace and economic growth 
with social justice for everyone. The Guatemalan president 
noted that guerrillas have been active in his country over the 
past 30 years. He said his government will resume talks with 
the rebels in mid-February in a search for peace in the only 
Central American country where an armed conflict persists. 
  De Leon Carpio said he hopes a peace agreement will be 
signed 
this year because a commitment has been made to the United 
Nations to achieve this goal. He also said that if the parties 
fail to reach an agreement, they would be showing a lack of 
commitment. 

