BFN 

  [Text] Riga, Jun 20, BNS -- The newly established Latvia's 
National Conservative Party LNNK elected Saturday former 
National Independence Movement Board Chairman Aristids Lambergs 
as its leader. Lambergs candidacy was supported by 231 
delegates of the party congress while his rival Andrejs 
Krastins polled only 67 votes. Baiba Petersone became the 
party's deputy chairwoman. 
  The amended party program calls to strengthen the national 
statehood of Latvia by implementing tough and clearly defined 
immigration policy, supporting repatriation programs and basing 
the citizenship law on the quota principle. In addition, the 
program provides to establish the Constitutional Court to 
supervise the law abidance of state administration, local 
governments and top officials. 
  The section of the program dedicated to national security 
and 
defense intends to improve information processing system within 
the framework of the security service. It plans to continuously 
analyze the situation in Russia, set up a special structure to 
combat organized crime and define a professional army as the 
basis of the Defense Forces. 
  The economic program focuses on balanced monetary policy, 
more efficient privatization process, encouragement of export, 
completion of land reform and creation of favorable environment 
for foreign investment. 
  Latvia should give up retransmission of Russian television 
programs because these broadcasts "ensure the psychological 
comfort of aliens unloyal to the (Latvian) state," according to 
the program. 
  As reported, the Latvian National Independence Movement 
changed its status during its congress on Saturday to become the 
National Conservative Party LNNK. 

