Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Tbilisi, March 24 (SNARK)--Lately repeated 
opposition charges of the Security Ministry are illegal and 
groundless, told in his exclusive interview to SNARK the 
Georgian Security Minister Igor Giorgadze. "Non-serious is 
demand for us to disclose instantly the crimes in a country 
where population has tens of thousands of arms units at their 
hands, hundreds of tons of explosives, when wild capital 
accumulation and influence-sphere sharing takes place between 
the mafiosi and bandit groups", he said. 
  As told the security minister, certain deputies--throwing 
stones at the government and blaming it as inactive in crime 
prevention--do not take into account the fact that Georgia has 
no legislative basis. Also the special services are not armed 
with necessary equipment to lead the fight with banditry and 
terrorism, thinks Giorgadze. 
  The principal obstacle to efficiency of his institution 
Giorgadze sees in disagreement between the security and defense 
ministries of Georgia. The latter often prevents the actions of 
Security Ministry. He gave an example when a month ago special 
investigation experts were admitted to the place where the 
Defence Deputy Minister Kekelidze was killed only after 12 hours 
after the tragedy. 

