BFN 

  [Text] Moscow, April 4 (XINHUA) -- The Russian Defense and 
Foreign Ministries have agreed to build partnership ties with 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), according to 
Defense Minister Pavel Grachev. 
  Speaking today after talks with U.N. Secretary-General 
Butrus 
Butrus-Ghali in Moscow, Grachev added that President Boris 
Yeltsin also supported the proposal. 
  On Thursday a spokesman for President Yeltsin indicated that 
although Russia might take six or seven months to make a final 
decision on joining the NATO partnership he (the president) 
believed that Russia should join it but with certain conditions. 
  However, Grachev said: "We hope that this month Foreign 
Minister Andrey Kozyrev will sign a framework agreement in 
Brussels on Russia's membership of the Partnership for Peace 
Program." 
  Membership of the NATO peace partnership plan was suggested 
to Russia by U.S. President Bill Clinton in January and has 
resulted in heated debate in Russian corridors of power. 
  The defense minister said that on the whole he did not see 
any differences between the governmental and presidential 
departments on this issue. 
  So far fourteen East European countries have signed the 
partnership plan, which involves a program of joint exercises 
and military cooperation with NATO members. 
  Meanwhile, Grachev, who is also the commander of the Russian 
Army, said he would make a trip to the former Yugoslavia 
together with the French and Belgian defense ministers to 
inspect the peacekeeping forces deployed in Bosnia-Herzegovina 
and Croatia. 

