Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, March 28 (KCNA) -- The feelings of 
reverence for the dear leader Comrade Kim Chong-il are growing 
deeper among South Korean puppet Army soldiers. 
  Captain Kim of the 21st Division of the puppet Army, while 
conversing with his colleagues about the situation said the 
People's Army of the North guided by the greatest Commander 
General Kim Chong-il is a matchless army. 
  He noted: 
  "General Kim Chong-il endowed with military ingenuity by 
nature has reared the People's Army to be a highly disciplined 
matchless army. 
  "Officers-men unity, Army-people unity, arming of all people 
and fortification of the whole country--this is a true look of 
the North. No nuclear armed force can threaten the North with 
such strong national power." 
  After hearing him, a Second Lieutenant Choe said that the 
way 
for the nation to survive, the way of achieving reunification, 
preventing disasters of the nation, lies in that we hold the 
greatest Commander General Kim Chong-il produced by our nation 
in high esteem as the commander-in-chief of the national army. 
  A first lieutenant of the puppet Army told his colleagues 
that the "ROK" Army can be a genuine army of the nation and an 
independent army only when it is led by General Kim Chong-il 
with an early reunification of the country. 
  A private of a puppet Army unit surnamed Choe told his 
colleagues: "He has armed the Korean People's Army and made it 
a-match-for-a-hundred ranks by creating chuche-based military 
theory and tactics suited to the requirement of the modern war. 
Indeed, there is no such great statesman and military 
strategist as the dear leader Kim Chong-il in the world." 

