BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Samuel Lewis Galindo, presidential candidate </F>
of the Solidarity Party, by unidentified reporter at the 
Solidarity Party headquarters in Panama City -- live] 
  [Text] [Reporter] Here we are the headquarters of the 
Solidarity Party, which is part of the National Accord Alliance, 
which along with the National Unity Movement [MUN] nominated 
Samuel Lewis Galindo as their presidential candidate. Mr. Lewis 
Galindo, the Electoral Tribunal [TE] has already released 
unofficial results. According to TE results, as 35 percent of 
the votes has already been counted, you are in sixth place. In 
view of this situation, what are your first impressions? 
  [Lewis] Undoubtedly, there is a clear trend favoring Ernesto 
Perez Balladares; should this trend continue, he virtually will 
become the next president of Panama. 
  [Lewis] You were always optimistic as the polls were being 
conducted. At times, you even said you were going to give the 
country a surprise. What do you have to say now? 
  [Lewis] Simply put, I failed to surprise the country. 
  [Reporter] What information have you received at the party 
level? 
  [Lewis] The information we have corresponds to or goes 
beyond 
that of the TE. I currently believe that the percentage margin 
of difference between the votes for Perez Balladares and Mireya 
de Gruber will continue. 
  [Reporter] According to the figures you have here in your 
party's headquarters, what will the percentage difference 
between the two candidates be? 
  [Lewis] I believe their difference will fall between 8 and 
10 
percent. 
  [Reporter] Finally, you always said you were interested in 
participating in another government should you fail to be 
elected. Do you still think so? 
  [Lewis] I believe it is too trivial to say that I am 
interested in participating in another government; I have no 
interest in being a member of another government. I have said 
it would be favorable for the country if whoever reaches the 
presidency calls for a national consensus. This does not mean 
that one is part of the government; it means one agrees with a 
national development plan; that is, one must support some issues 
that go beyond the interests of one's party. For instance, we 
want to fight unemployment; we want to address the foreign debt; 
we want to coordinate how to manage the Panama Canal and its 
surrounding areas. In short, there are positions that go beyond 
the interests of any political party. All Panamanians must heed 
the call made by whoever reaches the presidency. This is 
something completely different from what you just asked me. 
  [Reporter] Would you care if the Democratic Revolutionary 
Party [PRD] reaches the presidency? 
  [Lewis] Why should I care if the PRD wins? Should the 
sovereign people choose the PRD as the country's next 
government, I believe we all must accept their decision. We 
fought so hard to have a democracy, and we must now respect the 
ruling of democracy; we must accept the sovereign resolve of 
these people. 
  [Reporter] Should the situation be different, would you 
remain in the political arena or would you attend other 
activities? 
  [Lewis] I believe we have achieved many things in these 
elections. In a year and a half, we have founded a party, which 
will be more solid than ever, because it has already experienced 
an electoral campaign. The party will be strengthened by its 
large representation in the many electoral organizations. That 
is, we will have a large number of legislators and corregimiento 
representatives. The party will be well represented. 
  [Reporter] We are grateful that Samuel Lewis Galindo spoke 
to 
us. 

