BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Wang Dan, former student movement leader in </F>
the Tiananmen incident, by MAINICHI SHIMBUN reporter Koji 
Kamimura in Beijing; date not given; first paragraph is 
Kamimura's introduction] 
  [Text] Former Beijing University student Wang Dan (age: 
25), who is known as a leader of student movement in the 
Tiananmen incident, has given an interview to MAINICHI SHIMBUN 
in Beijing. Commenting on the democratic movement five years 
ago, Wang said: "I think it had a positive meaning." However, 
he pointed out that a drastic change took place in the Chinese 
society after the incident, saying: "People's interests are 
currently more concentrated on economic affairs (than political 
affairs)." With regard to future development in the Chinese 
situation, which is currently faced with inflation and other 
serious problems, Wang said: "There are many unpredictable 
factors." 
  [Kamimura] What do you think about the situation in the last 
five years? 
  [Wang] It has obviously changed. While becoming less 
conscious than before about profits for the society and the 
state, everyone is now interested in profits of their own. 
People have become eager to make money because they obtained 
financial profits thanks to the economic growth. But I believe, 
if the economy develops to a certain level, people would be 
again interested in political affairs. 
  [Kamimura] Five years ago, students and intellectual people 
rose against high commodity prices and frequent corruption 
cases. What is going on now? 
  [Wang] Presently, workers and farmers are having 
difficulties in making their livelihood. They are seriously 
suffering from inflation. If the government fails to properly 
handle economic policies, their frustration may come to surface. 
  [Kamimura] What do you think of the significance of the 
Tiananmen incident? 
  [Wang] People were enthusiastic for the democratic movement, 
and they place great hopes on it. I think the incident had great 
significance. However, we were quite premature at that time. 
We thought in simple way, and took actions from sincere 
motivation without using political maneuvers. As a result, the 
Tiananmen incident resulted in a tragic ending, and many people 
were killed in the incident. 
  [Kamimura] How did the authorities treat you after your 
arrest? 
  [Wang] They did not beat or curse me. In my case, they 
respected my personality. 
  [Kamimura] Do you keep contact with your friends who have 
escaped overseas, such as Chai Ling and Wuer Kaixi? 
  [Wang] They often telephone me. I told them I am doing 
nothing except for some reading and writing. I am now 
interested in the modern history after the establishment of the 
country (in 1949), and read books in this field. 
  [Kamimura] What will happen to China hereafter? 
  [Wang] Drastic changes will take place in the economic 
situation and the political situation within five to 10 years. 
Ideally speaking, democratic policies should be implemented in 
China step by step. However, the Chinese social situation is 
not very simple. There always are undeniable possibilities of 
sudden changes. 

