Language: <F P=105> Ukrainian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed report: ``A Serious Step''] </F>
  [Text] An extensive range of issues associated with the 
ratification of START-1 and the reservations that are listed in 
the Ukrainian Parliament's decree on this problem were discussed 
in Kiev last week. The delegations of the United States headed 
by S. Talbott, ambassador-at-large and special adviser to the 
secretary on the newly independent states, and of Russia headed 
by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs G. Mamedov took part in 
the negotiations. The Ukrainian delegation was headed by Vice 
Prime Minister V. Shmarov. 
  As reported by the Ukrainian Presidential and Cabinet of 
Ministers Press Service, the sides agreed that questions of 
Ukraine's security should be jointly resolved with Russia and 
the United States on questions of the elimination of missiles. 
As reported by the UNIAN press agency, V. Shmarov said that 
particularly good understanding was reached with regard to 
compensation for both tactical nuclear weapons transferred to 
Russia and strategic missiles. The vice prime minister also 
stated that Ukraine had already taken 17 of the most up-to-date 
SS-24 missiles off combat alert. V. Shmarov considers this to 
be a serious step attesting to the fact that our state is 
striving to pursue a nuclear-free policy. 
  The Press Center of Ukraine's Ministry of Defense has not 
confirmed V. Shmarov's information that the deactivating the 
SS-24 missiles has begun. The UNIAN correspondent was told that 
the Ministry of Defense is not authorized to comment upon such 
statements. 

