Language: <F P=105> Serbo-Croatian </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Interview with Eng. Marin Vilovic by Toni Pastar; date and </F>
place not given--under the rubric of "Topical Interview"] 
  [Text] Aside from the Peruca Hydroelectric Power Plant 
being a military triumph of the Croatian Army [HV], which has 
driven out the Serb occupiers forever, it achieved another 
equally important victory -- Croatian experts have managed to 
save the dam from self-destruction, which was the objective of 
the Serbian criminals who set explosive charges on it, and they 
have made great progress in their efforts to repair it. Although 
Peruca is within range of the battlefront, that is, within range 
of enemy artillery, the activity has not ceased since 28 January 
1993, when the Serbs exploded the charges, and right now it has 
reached maximum intensity. We talked to Marin Vilovic, who heads 
the technical team of the HEP [Croatian Electric Power Industry] 
to repair the dam, about what has been done so far at Peruca and 
what still needs to be done to put the power plant in full 
service. 
  The same day when the Serbs exploded the charges on the dam, 
that is, on 28 January of last year, officials of the HEP, with 
the help of the HV and numerous others, began a fierce fight to 
prevent destruction of the dam, which was extensively damaged by 
the charges that were detonated. This was the first case in the 
world of an earth dam like Peruca being damaged that way. At 
that point the objective was to release as soon as possible the 
water from the lake, which was full, to take the load off the 
dam, and to establish the extent to which the clay core had been 
washed away or lost its impermeability. The explorations began 
the very day after the explosion. Surveyors came to the dam, and 
they were followed shortly by the geophysicists and divers. 
Those exploratory operations were at the same time the first 
steps towards repairing the dam. 
<H5>  Rebuilding the Gallery </H5>
  [Pastar] Have you completed the exploratory operations you 
began at that time? 
  [Vilovic] No. They are continuing, since everything we learn 
is useful in planning the project. 
  [Pastar] Following the Serbian demolition the Peruca dam was 
visited by numerous world experts on high dams who expressed 
their opinions and experiences. How useful was that? 
  [Vilovic] It was of course useful. Once we had the relevant 
indications of the extent of damage to the dam, we began working 
out alternative possibilities for repairing it. In June of last 
year we made a final decision among the twelve alternatives to 
replace the damaged flanks of the dam, where the explosions had 
caused the greatest damage, and to repair the damaged watertight 
core with a clay-concrete diaphragm. 
  [Pastar] This is a job that is still ahead of you. In early 
August of last year you began to repair the control gallery? 
  [Vilovic] Only when we had made the final commitment to the 
repair strategy did we begin to repair the control gallery, 
since the alternative chosen included that. Some of the 
alternatives did not envisage this. 
  [Pastar] When you began the work to repair the control 
gallery on 1 August, an announcement was made that the job in 
that section would be finished in four months? 
  [Vilovic] That deadline was envisaged only on the basis of 
certain assumptions. However, when we went into the gallery, we 
found that the damage was far greater. That is why the work has 
been going more slowly. The gallery on the right flank has been 
rebuilt almost entirely. Work is now being done on the straight 
section, in the lowest part of the gallery, and here the work is 
going somewhat faster. 
  [Pastar] A few days ago work began on the crown of the dam. 
What are all the things that will be done there? 
  [Vilovic] To be brief, from the standpoint of safety and 
operation, we will restore the dam to the condition it was in 
before the explosions. We have begun to remove the most damaged 
exterior parts of the dam. We will replace entirely the 
extensive area of the craters on the left and right flanks, and 
along the rest of the crown of the dam we will remove between 
five and 10 m from the crest. In those operations we will 
excavate and remove from the dam about 120,000 cubic meters of 
material, but considerably more than that will be returned to 
the dam. 
<H5>  The Waterproof Wall </H5>
  [Pastar] As far as we understand, when you remove all that 
material from the crown of the dam, then comes the most 
important undertaking, making the diaphragm? 
  [Vilovic] Absolutely right. 
  [Pastar] What in essence is a diaphragm, and what is its 
function? 
  [Vilovic] This will be a clay-concrete wall 1 m thick placed 
between the flanks of the dam from the control gallery, which is 
at the very foot, all the way to the crown. The diaphragm will 
be elastic and waterproof and will entirely take over the 
function of the damaged clay core. Actually, that diaphragm will 
be built into the damaged core itself. 
  [Pastar] Will you be able to take advantage of experiences 
from elsewhere in the world in doing this? 
  [Vilovic] Peruca is the first case in the world of 
deliberate 
demolition of a dam like this, but not the first case of repair 
projects. In the United States alone a clay-concrete diaphragm 
has been used to repair the Mud Mountain, New Wadel, and Wister 
dams, and there have also been cases like this on other 
continents and even here in Europe. In any case, the actual 
making of the diaphragm is not too complicated, but it is done 
with very expensive equipment. We have had talks about this with 
the three best-known world firms with experience in this work. 
They are Solitanche in France, Bauer in Germany, and Rodio in 
Italy. Croatia also has a firm for jobs like this with a world 
reputation, Geotehnika in Zagreb. 
  [Pastar] When the beginning of work on the crown of the dam 
was officially announced, you said that by the end of this year 
the dam would be repaired to the level of 353 m above sea level. 
When will al that be done? 
  [Vilovic] We expect by the end of May to remove all the 
material from the damaged flanks and crown, so that in early 
June we will be able to start on the diaphragm. The job of 
laying the diaphragm must be done continuously, without 
interruption. We estimate that that will take about four months. 
There is no foreseeable reason why we should not reach the 
target of 353 m above sea level by the end of the year. 
  [Pastar] At that level it will be possible to use 70 to 80 
percent of the previous capacity of Peruca's storage reservoir. 
When will the dam be entirely finished, when will the storage 
reservoir be in full use? 
  [Vilovic] Our ultimate goal is to guarantee the maximum 
capability of the storage reservoir. You see, even during the 
repair work to the control gallery, we are maintaining the 
storage reservoir at a level of about 330 m above sea level. And 
in the gallery work is now being done 25 m below the level of 
water in the lake. We expect repairs to the dam to be completed 
in the spring of 1995 and we expect the reservoir to fill with 
water in the summer of 1995. 
  [Pastar] Would it not have been simpler to remove the entire 
dam and build a new one on the site? 
  [Vilovic] In essence this will be a new dam. What you say 
would really have been simpler. However, in order to save 
financial funds, we opted for a much more complicated 
undertaking, but in the end we will get the same result, a 
completely safe and functional dam. 
<H5>  A Power Giant </H5>
  [Pastar] What will be the total investment in repairs? 
  [Vilovic] According to advance estimates, the entire repair 
will cost about 23,000,000 German marks. That sum includes the 
spillway on the left flank of the dam, which will be entirely 
rebuilt. 
  [Pastar] Will you have the money? 
  [Vilovic] It is not easy for Croatia to set aside that money 
under these conditions, but it must be done, since this is the 
only way of achieving lasting safety of the power supply to 
Dalmatia. The Cetina River is an electric power giant, and the 
Peruca Dam with its storage reservoir is the heart of it. That 
is why the money must be found. 
  [Pastar] Who are all those that have been involved in the 
repairs up to now? 
  [Vilovic] All the operations are being done according to the 
designs of Elektroprojekt of Zagreb, which has brought in other 
high dam experts in Croatia. The contractor repairing the 
control gallery is Konstruktor-Inzenjering from Split, which 
also got the contract for the work that has just begun on the 
crown. Geotehnika of Zagreb has also been hired, so far on the 
first phase of the exploratory work. 
  [Pastar] Mr. Vilovic, the dam is nevertheless within range 
of 
the battlefront, within range of Serbian artillery, which has 
targeted it more than once. Will the work continue unhindered in 
that regard? 
  [Vilovic] It is hard to say with certainty, but hope remains 
that there will be reason on the other side. They also know that 
this is exclusively a civilian economic project and that Croatia 
is determined to put the dam in full operation as soon as 
possible. High officials of the UNPROFOR [UN Protection Forces] 
have also seen that this is a civilian project, they were told 
that we were beginning the job, and they have certainly passed 
that on to the other side. 

