BFN 

  [Excerpt] [Passage omitted] The minister of industrial 
restructuring and participation yesterday cleared the confusion 
surrounding the possible privatization of state-owned companies. 
The privatization of state-owned companies is impossible, Mr. 
Mourad Benachenou said during his address yesterday to private 
contractors on the occasion of a workshop organized by the 
minister of small and medium-sized enterprises at Sofitel Hotel 
in Algiers. 
  Mr. Benachenou indicated that his mission, in the new 
ministry, does not mean that the state is abandoning public 
productivity but rather restructuring the public sector on the 
basis of efficiency and cost-effectiveness. 
  The social situation constitutes another obstacle to the 
privatization of state-owned companies. Mr. Benachnou pointed 
out it is impossible to compromise the rights of workers at the 
expense of a national economic ideology and then adopt that same 
ideology. 
  Mr. Mourad Benachenou has also shed more light on the link 
between restructuring and privatization and said: 
  [Begin Benachnou recording] This operation is going to 
follow 
and reinforce the operations aimed at ensuring the monetary and 
financial stability we have negotiated with the IMF. Anyone who 
twists the meaning of the discussions on industrial 
restructuring and establishes a link between this restructuring 
and privatization is reducing the importance of the mission of 
this new ministry, which was added to the new government. In any 
case, the main problem is to make the productive sector more 
efficient, regardless of its legal status, whether in the public 
or private sector. [end recording] 

