BFN 

<F P=106> [YONHAP from Berlin] </F>
  [Text] In order to confirm the operational history of the 
reactor in Yongbyon, the International Atomic Energy Agency 
[IAEA] on 31 May suggested technological methods to the North 
Korean side, but the North Korean side pointed out that it is 
already storing fuel rods taken from the reactor in Yongbyon 
according to its own standards in a bid to prepare for later 
measurement by the IAEA. 
  The IAEA revealed that confirmation of the location of fuel 
rods required for later measurement is impossible with the North 
Korean side's method of storing fuel rods, and suggested 
technological methods that would enable confirmation of whether 
nuclear material was converted or not. 
  To this, Yun Ho-chin, councilor in the North Korean Embassy 
in Vienna, suggested that North Korea will continue replacing 
fuel rods. However, he stressed that North Korea did not mix 
the fuel rods after taking them out at random [mujakchong], but 
that the locations and serial numbers of fuel rods have been 
clearly recorded before a surveillance camera and the fuel rods 
have been kept in a covered [chapye] water tank. 
  Meanwhile, Hans Meyer, a spokesman of the IAEA, said that in 
the event that North Korea continues the replacement of fuel 
rods, in a few days, the IAEA will come to a point where it will 
not be able to analyze the history of operation of Yongbyon 
reactor 

