Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Prague, Feb 20 (CTK) -- Czech Premier Vaclav Klaus 
and Russian Foreign Minister Andrey Kozyrev welcome the latest 
developments in Bosnia. 
  At a press conference after a working luncheon with Kozyrev, 
Klaus said he was satisfied that the pressure which increased 
after the issuing of NATO's ultimatum possibly led to positive 
developments in the area. He said he hoped the pressure would 
force the warring parties to sit down at the negotiating table 
and break the deadlock. 
  Kozyrev said he and Klaus agreed that it was necessary to 
build on positive moments and strive to strengthen them so that 
the situation in the war-ridden areas is consolidated. 
  Klaus and Kozyrev discussed the two countries' reforms as 
well as the economic and political situation in Russia. Klaus 
said their opinions in this area were very close. He added he 
believed that some of the Czech Republic's experiences could be 
relevant for Russia. Under discussion were also foreign policy 
topics and the two countries' views on Europe and NATO. 
  Kozyrev said the talks were very useful. "We have topics to 
consider and I will be pleased to convey them to our economic 
and political reformers," he added. He said that if it were not 
for the talks, his opinion on the all-European process from a 
strategic viewpoint would not be that clear. 
  On Monday [21 February] Kozyrev leaves for Hungary, from 
where he will go to Poland. The Czech Republic was the first 
leg on his tour of the Visegrad Group countries (the Czech 
Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia). A planned visit to 
Slovakia which was postponed due to the government crisis there 
should take place in the middle of next week. 

