Language: <F P=105> Italian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The inistry of Post and Telecommunications has 
intervened in the jungle that is the Italian broadcast system. 
Hundreds of televison broadcasts, which are operating illegally 
will be switched off. Among these is Antenna Taranto Sei [local 
television channel broadcasting in Taranto, southern Italy], 
which is owned by the Mayor of Taranto Giancarlo Cito, who was 
elected to the post thanks to the political broadcasts he made 
on his television station. Cito has been excluded [from 
televison ownership] because of previous convictions: 
  [Correspondent Salvatore Capatano] Antenna Taranto Sei 
[AT6], 
the television channel that helped Cito to the most important 
post in the city, is carrying on broadcasting as though nothing 
has happened, although Maurizio Pagani, the telecommunications 
minister has refused to grant the Taranto-based televison 
station a frequency because it did not abide by the official 
regulations. The minister's decree has been in force since 28 
February, but the frequency is still being used by AT6, which 
says it has not received a decree or official notification of 
such a decree. However, the station does know about the media 
ombudsman's reprimand, which particularly refers to a broadcast 
of 4 December [1993] -- the eve of the local council election. 
On that date, AT6 repeatedly broadcast a program that the 
ombudsman called propaganda. The expulsion of AT6 from the list 
of television stations authorized to transmit in the city of 
Taranto and its province is due, according to some sources, to 
the previous convictions of the owner. 

