BFN 

  [Text] Paris, May 11 (AFP) -- UN Secretary General Butrus 
Butrus-Ghali said Wednesday [11 May] he hoped to obtain the 
release of 11 French aid workers held by Bosnian Serbs since 
April for alleged arms trafficking. 
  "We hope that through negotiation we can find a way to free 
the hostages," he said after a 45-minute meeting with French 
Prime Minister Edouard Balladur. 
  The 11 are from the Premiere Urgence (First Emergency) 
group, 
which denies the smuggling allegations. 
  Balladur later told the French National Assembly, or lower 
house, that the government was determined to see them freed and 
"is using all the means it can to obtain their unconditional 
release." 
  They have been held since April 8 at the Sarajevo suburb of 
Lukavica by Bosnian Serbs, who have just extended their 
detention for a month pending trial and say the detainees could 
face up to 15 years in prison. 
  In Sarajevo, two lawyers sent by the Paris bar association 
and a Belgian colleague criticized both the Serb jailers and 
French officials in the Bosnian capital, saying Wednesay the 11 
could only hope for a "mock trial in a mock country." 
  The lawyers, who saw all the prisoners, said they were 
initially crammed into one room which created tension, then 
assigned a lawyer who did not speak their language, said 
George-Henri Beauthier, a representative of the Brussels-based 
International Federation of Human Rights Leagues. 
  He charged that the 11 were being used by the Serbs as 
"merchandise" to try to gain international recognition. 
  The lawyers also questioned the 14-day delay before the 
French ambassador in Sarajevo, Henri Jacolin, saw the group. 
But Jacolin told AFP Wednesday the situation on the ground had 
not helped and that only "quiet negotiations" could move the 
matter forward. 

