Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article: "Commissioner Flynn in Favor of </F>
Action Against Drugs Being Extended to Eastern Europe"; as 
released by Brussels Textline database] 
  [Text] In a speech last week before the 10th ministerial 
conference of the Pompidou Group in Strasbourg, and then before 
the 2d pan-European ministerial conference on cooperation on 
illicit drug abuse problems today, Mr. Padraig Flynn, European 
Commissioner with overall responsibility for drug issues, 
stressed the European Union's commitment to making the fullest 
possible use of the new instruments of the Treaty on European 
Union to strengthen the fight against drugs. He insisted that 
any Union approach to the drugs phenomenon could only be truly 
comprehensive if it were integrated into a wider European and 
global strategy, which in turn pointed to the importance of the 
Pan-European Conference. Commissioner Flynn drew attention to 
the disturbing increase in illicit drugs activities in Central 
and Eastern Europe and asked for these countries to be assisted 
in their efforts to create an effective and multidisciplinary 
drugs strategy. The Pan-European Conference must provide the 
platform "for an ever more intense and comprehensive effort" in 
the fight against illicit drugs. 

