BFN 

  [Text] The chief of Army staff, Major General Chris Alli, 
has stressed the need for the various Army units to keep an 
aggressive surveillance on the country's borders to forestall 
the breakdown of law and order. He gave the charge in Ibadan 
while declaring open a three-day training week for officers of 
the 2d Mechanized Division of the Nigerian Army. Correspondent 
Adenrele Ayishefini reports: 
  [Begin Ayishefini recording] The chief of Army staff, Maj. 
Gen. Chris Alli, spoke of the essence of basic training to 
members of the Armed Forces. According to him, training of Army 
is not only another means to create alertness for the nation's 
defense in times of crisis. It also provides a good foundation 
for professionalism in the Nigerian Army. Maj. Gen. Alli 
expressed concern on the issue of lost discipline within the 
rank and file of the Nigerian Army, such incidents as 
involvement of Army officers in robbery, smuggling, hiring (?or 
outright) sale of arms and ammunition, as well as extortion by 
those he described as shame to the military profession. 
  He said, henceforth, adequate disciplinary action will be 
taken against any Army officer who defaults in keeping the 
ethics of the profession. 
  The chief of Army staff made mention of the need for the 
various Army units to keep an aggressive surveillance on the 
country's borders to forestall the breakdown of law and order. 
[end recording] 

