BFN 

<F P=106> [By Sofia Wu] </F>
  [Text] Taipei, June 13 (CNA) -- Beginning Monday [13 June], 
Taiwan consumers will be forced to pay higher prices for books 
translated from foreign-language publications as sales of 
unauthorized translations of such works will become illegal. 
  The revised copyright law, which was passed by the 
Legislative Yuan two years ago under intense pressure from the 
United States, prohibits the publication of unauthorized 
translations of foreign publications. 
  Local publishers have been banned from printing unauthorized 
translations since the new copyright law took effect in June 
1992. They were, however, allowed to sell unauthorized 
translations, which were printed before the law took effect, 
until June 12, 1994. 
  In order to clear out all the soon-to-be-illegal books 
before 
the deadline, local publishers and book dealers launched a 
series of sales in recent months, inspiring an islandwide 
book-buying frenzy. 
  Dealers offered big discounts to attract book buyers. 
Bookstores on Taipei's Chungching South Road were jammed with 
bargain hunters over the weekend to beat the June 12 deadline. 
Many people even came all the way from southern Taiwan to 
Taipei to hunt for reading bargains. 
  From now on, book dealers who display unauthorized 
translations of foreign works on their shelves face up to two 
years in jail. 
  Wang Chuan-lu, chairman of the Copyright Committee under the 
Ministry of the Interior, said Monday that enforcement of the 
new regulation will help Taiwan rid itself of its image as a 
"kingdom of commercial piracy [no closing quotation mark as 
received]. 

