BFN 

  [Text] Cairo, 23 May (MENA) -- AL-AHRAM has stated the 
difficulty of the situation in Yemen as well as that of the Arab 
and international positions regarding the ongoing conflict 
there. The paper notes that it is hard for the world to adopt a 
clear-cut position on the latest developments in Yemen before 
the Arabs themselves do so, particularly following the breakaway 
of the south. 
  In its commentary today, the paper points out that 
intervention in Yemen will be difficult without knowing whether 
the world community will treat south Yemen as a separate and 
independent state, which makes it eligible to defend itself, and 
thus help it do so. The paper notes that the Arab world will 
have great difficulty defining its stance on the serious crisis 
in Yemen, although the Arabs' main concern is to end the 
ferocious fighting in Yemen. 
  AL-AHRAM adds that it will not be easy for the Arab states 
to 
agree on recognizing the new state in Yemen unless this leads to 
an end to the fighting. But such recognition may lead to an 
escalation in the fighting in Yemen. The paper concludes by 
saying that while it has not yet come out into the open, there 
is division among the Arabs over the current events in Yemen. 
Again, the paper adds, the Arab world will find itself facing a 
major crisis and another ill-omened fate. 

