Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Studio interview with Defense Minister Francois Leotard by </F>
unidentified announcer and correspondents Annette Ardisson, 
Pierre Le Marc, Ralph Pinto, and Michel Polacco in Paris; 
monitored in progress--live] 
  [Excerpts] [Announcer] .... with Annette Ardisson, Pierre 
Le Marc, Ralph Pinto, and Michel Polacco. We begin with a 
traditional profile by Philippe Meyers of our guest. [passage 
omitted] 
  We will interview you this morning with Annette Ardisson, 
Pierre Le Marc, Ralph Pinto and Michel Polacco. As we were 
saying during a recent lunch meeting of the leaders of the 
majority, Jacques Chirac criticized the government on a certain 
number of issues. After this came criticism by [Parliament 
Speaker] Philippe Seguin and Valery Giscard d'Estaing. How do 
you explain this sudden surge of criticism from the leaders of 
the majority against the government, against you, and against 
Mr. Balladur? [passage omitted] 
  [Correspondent] This quarrel poses two very important 
problems. The first is the consequences of freezing nuclear 
tests. Jacques Chirac thinks that these consequences are [word 
indistinct]. You and Edouard Balladur think that they are not 
and that they are negligible. So why have you asked for a rapid 
resumption of tests? 
  The second problem is that of the supreme decision-maker, as 
you said earlier. These are, in fact, serious differences that 
are threatening the credibility of the majority. 
  [Leotard] Allow me please to correct one point of your 
statement. I have never asked for the rapid resumption of 
tests. The prime minister and I--and, in fact, all of the 
experts without exception--stress the fact that the current 
French deterrent force will be perfectly efficient until 2010. 
It will be perfectly efficient, and it is not threatened by 
anything. It is suitable, and it has fully carried out its 
mission, which is deterring possible aggressors. 
  On the other hand, when the time comes, as the current 
president does not want a resumption of tests, well it will be 
after the presidential elections of 1995. Tests should resume 
at the right time. 
  [Correspondent] When do you think? 
  [Leotard] Well, it will be up to the newly elected president 
to make this decision. [passage omitted] 
  [Announcer] Mr. Minister, we will come back to this subject, 
of course. One question from Ralph Pinto on former Yugoslavia 
before the 0800 bulletin. 
  [Pinto] Simply a clarification, Mr. Minister. You and 
others, in fact, want to open the airport of Tuzla as the second 
phase that would follow the successful Sarajevo operation. Will 
this be on 7 March as you say, or on 18 March as UN forces on 
the spot claim? 
  [Leotard] Here is an issue that interests me a lot. I think 
it is important to open the Tuzla airport. We have said so 
since the first summit of the Atlantic alliance in January. 
Tuzla is a place that could serve as a transit point for 
humanitarian aid for the entire northeast of Bosnia. We, 
therefore, have to open the airport. I regret that the date has 
gradually been postponed because I think we should have done it 
during the Sarajevo operation. [passage omitted] 
  I think we should do all this at the same time as the 
Sarajevo operation is under way. 
  [Correspondent] Even if force has to be used? 
  [Leotard] Of course, of course. One should use force 
perhaps. [passage omitted] 
  [Announcer] Francois Leotard is the guest of France-Inter 
this morning. Good morning, defense minister. 
  [Leotard] Good morning. 
  [Correspondent] Outside all circumstantial polemics, what is 
the philosophy of the White Paper you presented yesterday? 
  [Leotard] This is not polemics, it is the study of war 
[polemologie]--that is, the analysis of men's violence. We look 
around us, around France. We see that the world is being 
shattered and that this can hit our country. The world has 
completely changed in the last four years. We have thought 
about these themes and asked what is threatening our country, 
how to counter such threats, what type of weapons do we need, 
what are the alliances we need, what is the armament industry 
that would allow us to answer all these questions, and who are 
specifically the men and women of the national defense who can 
see their future included in a document. We have summed up all 
this in a White Paper. 
  It is an enormous job that involved several hundreds of 
people who, as experts, contributed to this analysis. The 
government finally acted as an arbiter between the various 
ministries concerned, because defense is not the sole business 
of the defense minister. It is the business of every French 
citizen and every administration. On the basis of this 
document, we will propose to the parliament a military program 
bill that will cover the period of 1995-2000. What we decide 
today will have consequences for the French people in 2010. 
[passage omitted] 
  [Correspondent] Let us go back to this morning's headlines, 
particularly Bosnia. We mentioned the cease-fire between the 
Croats and the Bosnians in the bulletin. Do you think it is 
serious this time? 
  [Leotard] We are always skeptical and cautious about cease- 
fires because there have been so many in the past. However, the 
direction taken by this one is interesting. I am convinced that 
a Bosnia .... [pauses] I am talking about Muslim Bosnia. Once 
again, the adjective makes no sense. We talk about Muslims, 
saying they are neither Croats nor Serbs to simplify things. A 
Muslim Bosnia that would be divided into six parts, as is the 
case today, would not enjoy great viability even if a peace 
agreement is signed on this plan. We have to know, and we have 
to say it in advance. In other words, there could be a signature 
at the bottom of the parchment--as the poet or the singer might 
say--but this signature could be contested the following day. 
We cannot build a six-part, fragmented state in Europe today. 
The idea of a rapprochement between two of the three warring 
parties is interesting. The U.S. proposal goes in that 
direction. Is it possible? One should examine it. [passage 
omitted] 
  [Correspondent] Doesn't the position you are defending-- 
rejecting the breakdown of Bosnia into small parts--contradict 
the position defended by Alain Juppe, who is pushing for the 
signing of the [word indistinct] agreement? 
  [Leotard] No, Juppe is absolutely right. It is his duty to 
start from what has already been accepted by the parties in the 
conflict. The plan put forward by the European Union is, or was 
for some time, accepted by the belligerents. I simply say that 
it is a starting point; let us be cautious. This document could 
be signed, and I hope we could do that because it would mean a 
cease-fire over all the territory. [passage omitted] 
  [Correspondent] Minister, you know very well that within 
Stoltenberg and Owen's negotiating team there are people who do 
not hide their opinion that a population exchange will have to 
take place between ethnically purified or at least homogenous 
states? 
  [Leotard] I will ask the French Government not to help under 
any circumstances such population transfers organized under the 
gaze of peacekeeping forces. We would be in strange 
circumstances, which would mean that peacekeeping forces would 
assist in the deportation or the movement of populations based 
on ethnic or religious criteria. [passage omitted] 

