Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, February 8 (XINHUA) -- Seventy-seven out of 
every 100 urban homes in China had a TV set by early last year, 
while 55.3 had refrigerators and a massive 85.4 had washing 
machines. 
  These striking figures, just released by the Ministry of 
Domestic Trade, illustrate the rise in the standards of 
consumption as urban residents' incomes have risen. 
  The ministry figures show that actual consumption of urban 
residents grew on average by 5.4 percent annually during the 
1980-1993 period, compared with 2.2 percent during 26 years 
before reform and opening up. 
  In 1993, per capita living cost of urban residents reached 
about 1,700 yuan (213 U.S. dollars) annually. 
  Experts said that China's consumption pattern experienced 
three stages since the reform and opening up. First, daily 
necessities during the 1979-1984 period, then durable goods 
during the 1984-1991 period, and in the 1990s, families had more 
money to spare for improving the quality of their life such as 
housing, entertainment, travel and culture consumption. 
  In detail, in the 1960s and 1970s, the residents' targets 
were items such as bikes, sewing machines and watches. In the 
1980s they were color TV sets, refrigerators and washing 
machines. 
  The figures show that by the first half of 1993, every 100 
urban households had 77 color TV sets, 85.4 washing machines and 
55.3 refrigerators. 
  Now, durable goods such as telephones, air conditioners, 
pianos and personal computers can be found in some well-off 
homes. 
  Housing conditions of urban residents have also greatly 
improved. In 1993, urban residents spent more on home 
decorating, up by 35 percent over 1992. 
  Residents now have more varieties of non-staple food within 
their reach. In 1993, per capita consumption of meat, including 
pork, beef and mutton, showed an increase of 60.4 percent over 
1978, while that of eggs and fresh-water fish increased by 160 
percent and 17.1 percent respectively. 
  Now residents spend more money than before on clothing. They 
aim for high-grade garments and fashionable clothing. 

