BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Lyudmila Fomicheva] </F>
  [Text] St. Petersburg April 18 TASS -- "The holding of the 
third session of the board of governors of the European Bank of 
Reconstruction and Development in St. Petersburg has enabled the 
bankers and financists from all over the world to see that the 
process of economic and political reforms in Russia is 
irreversible," Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin told 
ITAR-TASS on the eve of his departure by plane to Moscow. 
  He expressed hope that after Western investors familiarized 
themselves with the situation in Russia and talked with Russian 
financists, entrepreneurs, they would boldly enter the Russian 
market. 
  According to Chernomyrdin, St. Petersburg may be a center of 
banking and tourism. The prime minister met with St. Petersburg 
Mayor Anatoliy Sobchak to discuss investments, easy taxation, 
subway construction, repairs of the bridges and social aspects. 
When commenting on his visit to the Kirovsky Works joint stock 
company, Chernomyrdin described as "intolerable" the fact that 
qualified workers had to spend two or three months on "forced" 
vacation. 
  "This is what hidden unemployment is about. The works has 
turned out machinery, but Kazakhstan will not buy it. It has 
developed and is now ready to produce mining and gas-extracting 
equipment, but it lacks funding. The works is prepared to turn 
out buses, which are in high demand both in the city and the 
country. Within the next few weeks, the Russian Government will 
consider the relevant issues and (take care) to enable such a 
giant as the Kirovsky Works to function to the best of its 
capacities by taking the course of conversion," concluded the 
prime minister. 

