BFN 

  [Text] Hefei, April 23 (XINHUA) -- The State Administration 
for Industry and Commerce has announced that by the end of 1993, 
the total number of overseas-funded enterprises in China had 
reached 167,500. 
  The announcement was made at a national conference of 
registration and management of overseas-funded enterprises held 
in Hefei City, capital of Anhui Province. 
  According to the administration, of the total number of 
overseas-funded enterprises, 107,820 are Sino-overseas joint 
ventures, 25,500 are Sino-overseas cooperative enterprises and 
34,000 are solely- foreign owned enterprises. 
  A survey released at the conference also listed the top ten 
provinces and municipalities in number of overseas-funded 
enterprises: Guangdong (44,705), Jiangsu (18,082), Shandong 
(12,561), Fujian (11,990), Zhejiang (8,085), Shanghai (8,056), 
Hainan (7,390), Liaoning (7,365), Beijing (6,516) and Tianjin 
(6,004). 
  The provinces and autonomous regions with fewer than 1,000 
overseas-funded enterprises include Tibet (27), Qinghai (63), 
Xinjiang (508), Gansu (723), Inner Mongolia (734), Guizhou (740) 
and Yunnan (750). 
  The survey also listed the top ten countries and regions in 
the world in setting up enterprises in China: Hong Kong 
(106,914), Taiwan (20,612), the United States (11,554), Japan 
(7,096), Macao (4,118), Singapore (3,037), the Republic of Korea 
(2,321), Canada (1,495), Thailand (1,361), and Australia (1,296). 

