pp. 1878-1881 
<F P=103> 947M0041F </F>
<F P=104>  St. Petersburg ZHURNAL PRIKLADNOY KHIMII </F>
<F P=105>  Russian </F>
CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by T. M. Gubarevich and V. Yu. Dolmatov, Special </F>
Design-Technological Bureau ``Tekhnolog'', St. Petersburg; 
UDC666.233.-621.685] 
  [Abstract] Many branches of modern industry require higher 
standards in the quality of material surfaces. This is 
especially true for electronics where it is the surface itself 
that often provides the required physical effects and operating 
conditions in micro-circuits. The status of a prepared surface 
is determined by depth of the treated layer, roughness 
parameters, optical cleanliness, lack of defects and structural 
wholeness of the treated material during the finishing and 
super-finishing processes. Highly perfected surfaces of optical 
and semiconductor devices are obtained by chemical-mechanical 
polishing methods. These methods are based on using polishing 
compositions which include colloidal non-abrasive particles in a 
solid phase acting as carriers of certain functional groups 
which react chemically with the treated surface. The liquid 
phase contains a combination of chemically active additives 
which regulate the chemical, transport, and mechano-chemical 
processes in the system polisher-polishing composition-treated 
material. Colloidal systems based on ultra-dispersed amorphous 
spherical modifications of silica particles (aerosils) proved to 
be effective. However, there are limitations in the use of 
aerosils in these compositions resulting from the insufficient 
chemical stability of the silica particles in certain chemically 
active media, and the insufficient hardness of the silica 
particles. In the present work the properties of a new class of 
ultra-dispersed materials, clustered diamonds made by detonation 
synthesis (ultra-dispersed diamonds) were examined. A study was 
made of their chemical stability in corrosive media, surface 
properties, morphology and aggregation, and a technology for 
preparing polished surfaces with them was developed. Polishing 
compositions containing these diamonds and a liquid medium such 
as water, mono- and poly-hydric alcohols (glycerine, ethylene 
glycol), were tested in the super-finishing of semiconductors 
(silicon, germanium, gallium arsenide), optical crystals, metals 
and alloys, and gemstones. The polishing resulted in 
high-quality surfaces lacking in defects such as scratches, 
fissures, or etching residues and having roughness parameters of 
1-2 nm. References 8 (Russian). 

