Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] A new round of Arab-Israeli peace negotiations, the 
first since last September, began in Washington last night. No 
information was released on the first session of these talks. 
Details are in the following report: 
  For the first time since the start of the Arab-Israeli peace 
talks in Washington two years ago, these negotiations are being 
held outside the U.S. State Department headquarters, at an 
unspecified venue, amid total secrecy and away from the media. 
Only the heads of the Jordanian, Syrian, Lebanese, Palestinian, 
and Israeli delegations participated. Their movements were also 
kept secret. 
  The U.S. State Department said only that the negotiations 
were held about 1.5 km north of the State Department in the 
hotel district. A U.S. State Department spokeswoman said that 
the talks will achieve better results if there is emphasis on 
the need to put progress ahead of publicity. She added that 
this form of negotiations allows the parties to explore each 
other's views in a totally calm manner. 
  The only statement about last night's session came from 
Itamar Rabinovich, head of the Israeli delegation to the 
negotiations with Syria. He said the first meeting with the 
Syrians was held in a serious and positive atmosphere, adding 
that he got the impression that the two sides are hoping to 
achieve progress. However, he said, they also have a lot of 
work to do and it is not possible to expect a breakthrough soon. 
  Asked about the United States' role, the State Department 
spokeswoman said that the Americans held regular dialogue with 
the concerned parties on resuming these talks, and they will 
definitely be ready to hold new talks and discussions. 

