BFN 

    [Editorial Report] The following is a compilation of 
reports on economic activities in Bolivia monitored through 14 
April: 
  The Superintendency of Banks has reported that the private 
banking system made a $23.5 million net profit in 1993, a 0.8 
percent increase over the previous year. Public savings 
increased $517.1 million. (La Paz PRESENCIA in Spanish 25 Mar 94 
p 4) 
  On 28 March, the Swiss and Bolivian Governments signed four 
cooperation agreements totalling $6 million that will be used to 
promote several development projects. (La Paz HOY in Spanish 29 
Mar 94 Political Section p 11) 
  The National Statistics Institute, INE, reported that the 
inflation rate in March was 0.08 percent, the lowest so far this 
year. The cumulated inflation rate for the first three months 
of the year is 1.29 percent. The decision to hold fuel prices 
avoided a major inflation rise. (La Paz HOY in Spanish 5 Apr 94 
p 19) 
  The INE reported that the economy grew 4.6 percent in the 
first two months of the year. Agricultural production increased 
by 6.5 percent; livestock by 1.3 percent; hydrocarbons by 22.2 
percent; gas production by 25.6 percent; fuel by 16.9 percent; 
mining products by 27.4 percent; construction by 3.7 percent; 
commerce by 1.7 percent; and bank services by 12 percent. (La 
Paz PRESENCIA in Spanish 5 Apr Economic Section p 4) 
  Human Development Minister Enrique Ipina on 4 April reported 
that the World Bank, the Inter-American Development Bank, and 
``friendly'' countries have donated a total of $180 million to 
Bolivia for the education reform project. (La Paz HOY in Spanish 
5 Apr 94 p 19) 

