BFN 

  [Text] The group seeking to create an Accord for Russia 
Movement did not discuss whether the former Russian 
vice-president, Aleksandr Rutskoy, will be the leader of the 
Movement, one of the Movement organizers, member of the Russian 
Constitutional Court, Valery Zorkin said Monday. He was 
speaking in an interview with INTERFAX concerning Rutskoy's 
Sunday TV interview where the latter said that he was prepared 
to be the opposition leader. 
  Zorkin said that while constructive forces have no clear 
program and no concrete measures to overcome the crisis, it 
would be absurd to speak about someone coming to save everyone. 
People should unite and choose their leader themselves, said 
Zorkin. He believes that the treaty on civic accord should also 
be based on an initiative from "below". 
  Speaking about the essence of the treaty, Zorkin said that 
the document should be based on an agreement on principles of 
overcoming the crisis. Only then the existing institutes will 
win the people's confidence. Zorkin said that it was the 
question of power institutes not of individuals. Certain 
personal changes in the power structures are possible, he 
believes. 
  Zorkin also said that it was not legitimate to raise the 
question of whether Accord for Russia would sign a treaty on 
civic accord in the Kremlin on April 28, since the Movement had 
not yet been created. He said that the constituent conference 
of the Accord for Russia Movement is scheduled for mid-May. 

