BFN 

<F P=106> ["Exclusive" AL-THAWRAH dispatch] </F>
  [Text] Two British firms have declined to export drugs for 
heart diseases to Iraq on the pretext that these drugs could be 
used in the arms industry! 
  In a research she presented at a seminar on the Arab family, 
which was held recently by the Arab Women Federation, Dr. 
Ittihad Salih Mahdi 'Ammash said that several British and U.S. 
firms have declined to export drugs considered essential for 
saving patients' lives, especially drugs for heart diseases, 
diabetes, and cancer, in addition to other medical requirements, 
due to pressure from their governments on the pretext that some 
of these drugs enter into the arms industry. 
  Dr. 'Ammash said: A roomful of heart disease pills would not 
be sufficient to produce a single hand grenade. So, you can 
imagine the fallacies of those states and their false claims 
about human rights. 
  Dr. 'Ammash affirmed that the Health Ministry has signed 
contracts and paid money in hard currencies for the purchase of 
those drugs from private sector firms in order to save patients' 
lives, but those states have declined to export them. This has 
led to the death of thousands of patients with those diseases, 
she added. 
  According to the research, Iraq used to import $500 million 
worth of drugs annually. Now, however, and especially in the 
next three years, Iraq will only be able to obtain $100 million 
worth of drugs, including those which are received as aid. So, 
one can imagine the suffering of Iraqi patients. 

