Language: <F P=105> Ukrainian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by the Press Service of Ukraine's Ministry of </F>
Defense: "Misinformation"] 
  [Text] The newspaper KOMSOMOLSKAYA PRAVDA of 25 January 
1994 carried the information "A `Battle' in the Crimea -- 
Everything Is Covered by Smoke." This brief report is 
noteworthy for quite a number of inaccuracies it contains 
(probably on purpose). For example, the newspaper announced 
that, between 24 and 28 January, "large-scale command staff 
maneuvers of the Armed Forces units and formations" would be 
conducted in some southern Ukrainian regions and in the Crimea. 
In the newspaper's opinion, they are due to Kiev's 
dissatisfaction with the results of the first round of elections 
in the Crimea. The Press Service of Ukraine's Ministry of 
Defense repeatedly stated that, in accordance with the plan for 
combat training of Ukraine's Armed Forces that had been approved 
as far back as in November 1994, a strategic exercise involving 
the resolution of tasks of the country's territorial defense 
would be conducted between 24 and 27 January 1994. No units or 
formations of the Armed Forces participated in the exercise. 
That is why the linking of the question of strategic maneuvers 
to the results of the first round of the presidential elections 
in the Crimea is a manipulation of facts and a deliberate 
stirring up of political passions around the situation in the 
Crimea. The information [in KOMSOMOLSKAYA PRAVDA] also quoted a 
statement by Ukraine's minister of defense, Army General V. 
Radetskyy, that was allegedly made by him in his interview for 
KIYEVSKIYE VEDOMOSTI: "I wouldn't like to liberate the Crimea 
the way the Americans liberated Kuwait." In reality, V. 
Radetskyy did not grant any interviews to KIYEVSKIYE VEDOMOSTI. 
During a meeting with editors of the leading Ukrainian mass 
media, Vitaliy Radetskyy ruled out a possibility of an armed 
conflict in the Crimea. 

