Article   Type:BFN 

  [Editorial Report] The following is a compilation of 
reports on Mexican economic developments monitored through 22 
February. 
  At a meeting with Mexican and foreign businessmen in 
Guadalajara, Commerce Secretary Jaime Serra said that foreign 
investments in Mexico in the past five years amount to over $40 
billion. He noted that in 1993, $15.6 billion entered Mexico in 
the form of capital investments. (Mexico City Canal 13 
Television Azteca Network in Spanish 1300 GMT 9 Feb 94) 
  According to financial experts, in the past five years, the 
purchasing power of the Mexican currency dropped by 65.7 
percent. (Madrid EFE in Spanish 2042 GMT 15 Feb 94) 
  According to a report presented by the Finance and Public 
Credit Secretariat, in 1993 Mexico had an 
8.243-billion-new-pesos surplus, or 0.7 percent of the GNP. 
This allowed the government to reduce its public debt. (Mexico 
City Canal 13 Television Azteca Network in Spanish 1300 GMT 16 
Feb 94) 
  According to a report by Finance and Public Credit 
Secretariat, Mexico's foreign debt at the end of December 1993 
was $78.747 billion. This represents 21.4 percent of the 
country's GNP. The foreign debt of the public sector was 
reduced by $346.2 million. The domestic debt was $40.8184 
billion, showing a 24.4 reduction when compared to December 1992 
figures. Government expenditures on the social sector at the 
end of 1993 were $34.265 billion -- 10 percent more than the 
previous year. (Madrid EFE in Spanish 2053 GMT 16 Feb 94) 
  The Finance and Public Credit Secretariat has reported that 
Mexico's trade deficit decreased by 15.1 percent in 1993 as a 
result of an increase of 12.2 percent in Mexican exports. 
According to that office, in 1993, Mexico exported products 
worth $51.833 billion and imported $65.368 billion. The 
country's oil revenue in 1993 was $7.365 billion, or 
11.3-percent less than in 1992. (Paris AFP in Spanish 0916 GMT 
19 Feb 94) 
  The Commerce and Industrial Development Secretariat reported 
today that during the month of January, Mexico attracted foreign 
investments amounting to $2.37 billion, a figure without 
precedent in the country's economic history. The United States 
was the main foreign investor, accounting for 71.5 percent of 
the total. (Madrid EFE in Spanish 0011 GMT 20 Feb 94) 
  The Finance and Public Credit Secretariat has reported that 
Mexico's GNP grew by 0.4 percent in 1993, the lowest growth in 
the past five years. The mining sector grew by 1.1 percent and 
construction by 3.1 percent. The manufacturing industry's 
growth rate was minus 1.5 percent; textiles, clothes, and 
leather was minus 7.4 percent; and the timber industry was minus 
10.1 percent. (Madrid EFE in Spanish 1816 GMT 21 Feb 94) 
  Official sources reported today that in 1993, the average 
daily marketing of Mexican oil-by-products was 1.4394 million 
barrels. This represents a 1.3-percent increase over the 
previous year. A report by Mexican Petroleum indicates that the 
daily marketing of gasoline was 488,600 barrels; diesel, 
240,800; liquid gas, 245,600; and aviation fuel, 42,700 barrels. 
(Mexico City NOTIMEX in Spanish 0118 GMT 21 Feb 94) 
  It was reported in Mexico City on 21 February that in 1993 
Mexican Petroleum obtained a daily average of $6.485 billion 
through the sale of its three types of oil. The Istmo type 
produced $1.555 billion, with the daily sale of 262,300 barrels; 
the daily sa?e of Maya type oil was 856,700 barrels, for $3.574 
billion; and an average daily production of 218,500 barrels of 
the Olmeca type, which is sold on the American continent, 
produced $1.356 billion. (Mexico City NOTIMEX in Spanish 0328 
GMT 22 Feb 94) 

