BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, June 28 (AFP)--Prime Minister Li Peng said 
Tuesday that macro-economic measures taken to cool China's 
overheating economy are succeeding. "The growth rate has been 
slowed down, inflation is also levelling off, the economic 
situation is very good," he said at a press conference before 
leaving on a tour of Austria, Germany and Romania. 
  He said the measures had enabled credit to be controlled, 
and 
put a brake on fixed capital investments and price rises. But 
he admitted the country's growth rate was at present still above 
the nine percent target set by the government for 1994. "We are 
trying to achieve a rapid, sustained and healthy development," 
said Li without making any forecasts. 
  According to latest official estimates the economy grew by 
about 12 percent in the first six months of this year compared 
with the same period last year, against 12.7 percent in the 
first three months of this year and 13 percent in 1993. Many 
Chinese and foreign experts consider that, despite government 
efforts to avoid overheating, the nine percent level will be 
exceeded by the end of the year. 
  The most difficult task for the authorities is to control 
inflation which, although slowing slightly in May, is still 
hovering around the 20 percent mark nationally and above 23 
percent in major cities. The government has set a target of 10 
percent for inflation in 1994 but most economic experts consider 
that inflationary pressures within the economy are too great for 
this to be achieved. 

