BFN 

  [Text] Brasilia, 19 May (EFE) -- Official sources announced 
here today that the governments of Brazil and Germany will 
continue the construction of the Angra-2 nuclear plant on the 
Rio de Janeiro coastline despite the protests of the Greenpeace 
environmental organization. 
  Mines and Energy Minister Alexis Stepanenko recommended to 
Brazilian President Itamar Franco that construction work -- 
which was halted several years ago -- be resumed at the Angra-2 
site. 
  Three-fourths of Angra-2's construction has been completed, 
and the German Government and banks have offered loans to 
finance the remaining one-fourth of the project. 
  Mines and Energy Ministry sources noted that it would be 
cheaper to complete the plant's construction than "to render the 
investments already made there useless." German Embassy sources 
noted that to backtrack at this point would cost as much as to 
finish the plant. 
  In light of the Brazilian commitment to make peaceful use of 
nuclear energy, reflected in a number of treaties recently 
ratified by Congress, the German Embassy has noted that the Bonn 
government is in favor of continuing the project. 
  Brazil signed an agreement on nuclear safeguards with 
Argentina. After approving some new amendments, it also has 
ratified the Tlatelolco Treaty -- which proscribes atomic 
weapons in Latin America, and has agreed to allow the inspection 
of its installations by the International Atomic Energy Agency 
(IAEA). 

