BFN 

    [Editorial Report] The following is a compilation of 
reports on economic developments monitored through 21 June 1994. 
  National Administrative Department of Statistics, DANE, 
preliminary figures report the agricultural sector grew 2.7 
percent in 1993, less than the government estimate of a 
3-percent increase. Factors affecting the sector were a decrease 
in the harvest and the effects of the dry spell in some areas, 
which prompted uncertainty among the farmers. The sector, 
however, showed a slight recovery over 1992, when a 1.65-percent 
increase was recorded. The government estimates more favorable 
growth in 1994 because of the price increase in international 
markets of coffee, cotton, sugar, and rice. According to DANE, 
the total economy grew 5.3 percent in 1993. Sectors that helped 
achieve this increase were electric power, construction, and 
financial services. The construction sector grew 7 percent; 
trade 5 percent; and transportation and communications 4 
percent. (Santa Fe de Bogota EL TIEMPO in Spanish 16 Jun 94 pp 
8B, 9B) 
  The privatization of Banco Cafetero has begun in earnest. On 
15 June, the bank offered a package of shares worth 57.623 
billion pesos to the National Federation of Colombian Coffee 
Growers, Fedecafe, producers, exporters, and other businesses in 
the sector. A total of 10,686,827 shares will be sold to 
increase the bank's authorized capital. This is part of an 
agreement reached between the government and the association to 
sell 50.5 percent of Banco Cafetero; the remaining 49.5 percent 
will remain in the hands of Fedecafe. The bank's value was set 
at 230 billion pesos. 
  Of this shares issue, Fedecafe will buy 40.338 billion pesos 
in shares, the producers, exporters, and other businesses in the 
sector will buy another 17.288 billion pesos in shares, and the 
remainder, 96.042 billion pesos will be offered to a foreign 
bank. The shares will be offered at 5.392 pesos per share. The 
deadline for purchasing shares will be one year after the 
publishing of the sale of shares. (Santa Fe de Bogota EL TIEMPO 
in Spanish 16 Jun 94 p 8B) 
  The most recent report issued by the Latin America 
Integration Association, Aladi, shows that total exports for 
member nations reached $122.5 billion in 1993, a 6 percent 
increase over 1992. Imports grew at a slower rate reaching 
$135.2 billion, which helped to reduce the traditional trade 
deficit of Latin American nations. Interregional exports reached 
$23.5 billion for an increase of 21 percent, while imports 
reached $22.741 billion. Brazil led Aladi nations with exports 
of $9.145 billion, followed by Argentina with $5.262 billion, 
and Chile with $1.798 billion. Colombian exports to other Aladi 
nations was $1.439 billion, $124 million more than in 1992. 
Colombian imports from Aladi reached $2.321 billion. (Santa Fe 
de Bogota EL TIEMPO in Spanish 16 Jun 94 p 12A) 
  The National Association of Industrialists, on 17 June, 
reported industrial production increased 8.5 percent during the 
first four months of 1994 compared to the same period in 1993. 
This surpassed the government's estimate of a 4- to 4.5-percent 
increase. (Madrid EFE in Spanish 1856 GMT 17 Jun 94) 

