Language: <F P=105> Japanese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Hu Jintao, standing committee member of CPC Central 
Committee Political Bureau, said yesterday that the CPC hopes to 
promote party exchanges with the Japan New Party [JNP] and 
mutual understanding. He made the remark while meeting a 
visiting JNP delegation led by House of Representative member 
Banri Kaieda yesterday. 
  Speaking to the delegation, Standing Committee member Hu 
Jintao said that, in the 21 years since the normalization of 
diplomatic relations between China and Japan, friendly 
cooperative relations between the two countries had been 
improved in various areas, and the two countries were entering a 
new stage which would allow for a further improvement in 
bilateral relations. He added that, as China maintained its 
policy of attaching importance to improving friendly relations 
with Japan, it intended to keep those relations going from 
generation to generation by deepening exchanges with the JNP, 
the ruling parties, and opposition parties, and by promoting 
mutual understanding. 
  In response, Mr. Banri Kaieda handed over a letter from 
Prime 
Minister Hosokawa addressed to President Jiang Zemin and 
indicated the JNP was committed to further improving relations 
between Japan and China. 

