Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Brother Brigadier Muhammad Haydarah Masdus, deputy 
prime minister and member of the political bureau of the Yemeni 
Socialist Party, has categorically denied the statement of the 
General Committee of the General People's Congress, saying that 
it was incorrect in its substance and detail and devoid of 
truth. In a statement to the Yemeni News Agency, SABA', brother 
Brig. Muhammad Haydarah Masdus described the General Committee's 
statement as sheer fabrication and aiming to obstruct the great 
efforts being made to preserve the national unity of Yemen's 
sons and to preserve it from all forms of violence and 
terrorism. The brother deputy prime minister called on the 
brothers of the permanent committee to attest to the truth of 
even one of their assertions. He appealed to brothers 
Lieutenant General 'Ali 'Abdallah Salih, chairman of the 
Presidential Council; Mr. 'Ali Salim al-Bid, deputy chairman of 
the Presidential Council; Haydar Abu-Bakr al-Attas, chairman of 
the Council of Ministers; and the brother chairman of the 
Security and Military Committee urgently to form an 
investigation committee to expose the individuals who are 
distributing arms and forming assassination squads in Abyan 
Governorate, as well as those who are financing them. 
  Brother Brig. Muhammad Haydarah Masdus stressed that he had 
frequently spoken and continued to speak against the 
distribution of arms and the deployment of military forces in 
Abyan Governorate. This is what he told the military committee 
chaired by Colonel 'Ali Muhammad Salah, the deputy chief of 
staff, in the presence of the U.S. military attache. 

