Language: <F P=105> Mandarin </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] On the eve of Islam's traditional Erde Festival, 
Yang Huaixiao, member of the provincial party committee standing 
committee and vice governor, led the leading members of related 
departments of the provincial government to visit some mosques 
in Lanzhou and some resident religious and nationality figures 
in order to extend festive greetings to them on behalf of the 
provincial government. The group discussed with them the issue 
of how religious circles should do a still better job of serving 
the maintenance of Gansu's social stability and economic 
construction. 
  In a discussion meeting, Yang Huaixiao indicated that China 
is now at a crucial point in reform, opening up, and socialist 
modernization, and that the promotion of economic development 
and the maintenance of social stability are the central tasks 
that stand above all else for the whole party and all of 
society. It is imperative to continue implementing the party's 
policy on freedom of religious belief, and to protect normal 
religious activities in accordance with the law. At the same 
time, it is imperative to strengthen the administration of 
religious activities according to the law. It is hoped that 
friends among religious circles will unite and lead the broad 
religious masses, as always, under the correct leadership of the 
provincial party committee and government; take an active part 
in building the two socialist civilizations; further augment the 
concept of the legal system; and unfold normal religious 
activities within the scope of party policy and state law. It is 
necessary to develop the economy in a big way, take an active 
role in doing a good job of self-support undertakings, and work 
hard to reduce the burden of religious masses. Regarding 
existing and emerging problems, these should be reported to the 
higher level through normal channels so as to consciously 
maintain the stability, unity, and fine situation of the whole 
province, and to make new contributions to Gansu's reform, 
development, and stability. 

