CSO 

  [Excerpt] BOJ Governor's Speech Encourages Financial 
Institutions To Effect Reforms by Strengthening Services Through 
Competition 
  In a speech delivered on the 24th [of March] in Tokyo, Bank 
of Japan [BOJ] Governor Mieno criticized the tendency of banks 
to copy each other by saying, "There is a pervasive tendency for 
banks to imitate each other, facilitating the spread of risk." 
Additionally, he appealed for the reform of financial services 
through the promotion of competitive actions by commenting, "One 
direction conceivable for the reform of financial systems would 
be maximum competition and creativity as well as checks and 
balances emanating from market forces." 
  In the beginning of his speech, he pointed out, 
"Strengthening of the financial systems are an important issue 
from the standpoint of Japanese economic growth." He expressed 
viewpoints as the Governor of the BOJ after citing as objectives 
of the reform of the financial system 1) promotion of 
competition, 2) controls based on market forces, and 3) 
improvements in the financial system's infrastructure. 
  Specifically, after saying, "As long as we treat financial 
services as an industry, we should encourage active innovation," 
he pointed out that innovative efforts were lagging by adding, 
"In contrast to the automotive and electrical equipment 
industries, financial innovation has consisted almost entirely 
of imported concepts." 
  As reasons, he cited the pervasive tendency to imitate each 
other and the lack of competitive ideas and stressed the need 
for a change in perception by stating, "The competitive strength 
of Japanese financial institutions will weaken unless they alter 
their practices so that they challenge themselves to provide new 
types of services and benefit from successful ventures or face 
the penalties imposed by unsuccessful ventures." 
  He then explained that in order to avoid a repeat of the 
bubble economy, we must preclude a drop in managements' morale 
by saying, "We have room for strengthening control through 
market functions such as supervision of managers based on 
changing stock prices in the securities markets and checks 
exercised by ordinary creditors and depositors." 
  Finally, in terms of appraising risks and returns for 
management as a whole, he stated, "There is a need to improve 
the infrastructure in the areas of accounting systems and 
information disclosure rules," and stressed the importance of 
improving the infrastructure for financial transactions by 
pointing out "the importance of improving settlement systems." 
[passage omitted] 

