Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Warsaw, Moscow, March 10--Deputy Chairman of the 
Confederation for an Independent Poland (KPN) Adam Slomka termed 
as a move against Poland's reason of state the Sejm's rejection 
of the KPN's motion to include into its agenda the Foreign 
Ministry's information related to a planned visit to Poland by 
Russian nationalist leader Vladimir Zhirinovskiy. 
  Speaking at a press conference in the Sejm Thursday, Slomka 
pointed to deputies of the ruling coalition as those who had 
been against the motion. 
  On Wednesday, officials of the 1st Congress of the National 
Self- Defence (Samoobrona) front announced that Zhirinovskiy was 
expected to come to Warsaw on March 11 to attend a debate of the 
1st congress of the organization. 
  According to Zhirinovskiy's aides in Moscow, the leader of 
the Russian Liberal-Democratic Party has not reached a final 
decision related for his departure for Warsaw. "The decision is 
to be taken at the last moment", one of the aides said Thursday. 
  According to KPN spokesman Andrzej Mazurkiewicz, the Sejm 
majority's decision to reject the motion filed by his party in 
connection with Zhirinovskiy's visit means hiding the head in 
the sand and continuing "a bad policy of bowing down before a 
great Russia". 
  Slomka announced that the KPN will demand a Sejm debate 
related to a recent decision by Russian authorities to reduce 
natural gas supplies to Ukraine and Belarus. According to the 
KPN, the decision, ignored by major political forces in Poland, 
is a sign of imperialistic trends in Russia. 

