BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by staff reporter Shi Saizhu (2514 6357 3796): "The </F>
Municipality Adopts Five Models for Experimentally Reforming 
State- Owned Assets"] 
  [Text] According to information gathered yesterday by this 
reporter from relevant departments, Shanghai is making sound 
progress in carrying out experimental reforms of state-owned 
assets according to five prescribed models, with the goal of 
verifying, stimulating, optimizing, and increasing stocks of 
assets, as well as invigorating enterprises to promote the 
economy. 
  It is understood that reforms of state-owned assets 
currently 
under way in Shanghai are generally proceeding in the following 
five ways: 
  1) Managing state-owned assets in accordance with the limits 
of authority regarding such assets, with the focus of current 
efforts being directed primarily at experimental reforms in 
large enterprise groups; 2) instituting a modern enterprise 
system, including the shareholding scheme, on an experimental 
basis, so that state-owned assets will genuinely occupy a 
"niche" in enterprises' assets structure; 3) further carrying 
out pilot projects in implementing the regulations on changing 
operating mechanisms and on overseeing and managing enterprises 
in the face of so many less-than-remarkable enterprises; 4) 
leasing, auctioning off, and merging small enterprises on an 
experimental basis; implementing a pilot stock cooperative 
system in those enterprises; and allowing the private sector to 
operate those enterprises on an experimental basis while 
maintaining state ownership; and 5) approaching deficit-ridden 
enterprises differently in light of differing circumstances. 
Examples of the last reform include breathing new life into 
enterprises that lose money temporarily, strengthening 
management over those enterprises, and encouraging them to 
increase profits; merging or adopting other approaches toward 
enterprises which conform to the course of industrial 
development but which cannot be changed in the near future; and 
experimenting with declaring backrupt enterprises which 
chronically lose money, cannot produce readily marketable 
products, and cannot be expected to turn deficits into profits. 
  People from relevant sectors said emphatically: In reforming 
state-owned assets on an experimental basis, we must ensure that 
such reforms are conducive to increasing the value of 
state-owned assets on the basis of the current value; to 
improving and invigorating enterprises so that they will truly 
become competitors in the market, with large enterprises 
becoming stronger, and small enterprises becoming more dynamic; 
and to readjusting the industrial structure and product mix. 

