BFN 

  [Text] The PWV [Pretoria, Witwatersrand, Vereeniging] 
police force will be completely revamped in the near future and 
will have elements of both the United States and British 
systems. The new force will come into operation after the 
promulgation of the Police Act, which is expected in August. 
Veronica van der Westhuizen reports: 
  The South African Police have long been seen as a 
controversial force in society. They are perceived as 
inefficient and corrupt, and are not trusted by the majority of 
the population. Today a number of recommendations were made at 
a special hearing to address these problems by the PWV's MEC 
[member of the executive council] for Public Safety and 
Security, Ms. Jessie Duarte. The suggestions included the 
control of the traffic department by the national ministry. It 
was recommended that drug trafficking and gun running be dealt 
with by the National Investigation Service [NIS]. The NIS would 
resemble America's Federal Bureau of Investigation. The former 
Internal Stability Unit will now be known as the Public Order 
Unit and will concentrate on visible policing at taxi ranks, 
marches, festivals and soccer matches. 
  Gun control was highlighted as a special area of concern 
which needed urgent attention. It's been estimated that between 
20,000 and a million illegal weapons are available in the PWV 
area. A peace action plan to resolve conflict between hostel 
and township residents was also proposed, as well as the 
promotion of a constructive relationship between the police and 
the community. A program to reorientate self-defense units has 
already been established. 

