Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Excerpts from article by Ren Xiang [0117 3276], chairman of </F>
the China Energy Resource Research Society Geothermal Special 
Committee and professor, Beijing: "Development and Utilization 
of Geothermal Energy Resources"] 
  [Excerpts] [passage omitted] 
  China began dealing with geothermal resources in systematic 
energy resource assessments and development and utilization in 
the early 1970s. Through more than 20 years of efforts, we now 
have a rather deep understanding of the characteristics and 
distributional laws of China's geothermal resources. Based on 
geodesic and magmatic movement characteristics, China can be 
divided into four geothermal zones: a moderate and 
low-temperature geothermal zone along the southeast coast that 
is primarily of a convection type; a high and 
moderate-temperature geothermal zone in southwest China that is 
a convection type; a moderate and low-temperature geothermal 
region in north, northeast, and northwest China that is a 
sedimentary basin conductive type; and the high-temperature 
geothermal region of Taiwan. Their distributions are closely 
related to active tectonism in the crust. 
  China's geothermal springs are found throughout the country 
and hot springs have now been discovered at over 3,000 sites. We 
have completed the drilling of over 2,000 geothermal wells and 
done surveys and evaluations of 300 geothermal points (through 
early 1993). Among the surveyed geothermal fields, there are two 
high-temperature (over 150C) ones at Yangbajing and Yangyi 
in Tibet and we have discovered hot fluids above 200C. 
There are nine moderate-temperature (90 to 150C) sites, 80 
low-temperature sites (60 to 90C), and 209 sites below 
60C. Prior to the Eighth 5-Year Plan, with the exception of 
a few high-temperature geothermal fields, the primary survey 
regions were in the densely populated and economically developed 
east and north China regions. The available thermal energy 
proven through the surveys is: 41.72MW of grade A, equal to 1.5 
percent, 982.55MW of grade B, equal to 35.4 percent, 648.93MW of 
grade C, equal to 23.4 percent, and 1,102.97MW of grade D, equal 
to 39.7 percent. Very few high-grade reserves have had a high 
degree of research. 
  According to incomplete statistics, the total amount of 
natural heat released annually by China's geothermal springs and 
wells (artesian wells) is 1.04 x 10[.sup]14[/] kilocalories 
annually, which is equivalent to 3,559,500 tons of standard 
coal. The total amount of proven geothermal resources is 925.72 
x 10[.sup]14[/] kilocalories per year, which is equivalent to 
3.158 billion tons of standard coal. The long-term prospective 
geothermal resources are 39,649.7 x 10[.sup]14[/] 
kilocalories, which is equivalent to 135.3 billion tons of 
standard coal. Moreover, the hundreds of fault-subsidence basins 
found throughout China contain abundant conductive-type moderate 
and low-temperature geothermal resources. In our 10 large 
basins, the exploitable resources at depths of less than 2,000 
meters would be 5.4853 x 10[.sup]18[/] kilocalories annually, 
which is equivalent to 187.16 billion tons of standard coal 
(Table 5). The total exploitable reserves are 49.18 x 
10[.sup]18[/] kilocalories annually, equivalent to 337.331 
billion tons of standard coal. This is based on the reserves 
that would be extractable under present technical economic 
conditions (Zheng Zhuohua [6774 3504 5478] et al., 1992). In 
addition, there are a calculated 27.13 x 10[.sup]18[/] 
kilocalories that are temporarily difficult to utilize, 
equivalent to 185.15 billion tons of standard coal. Furthermore, 
geothermal wells have been drilled in 148 cities including 
Beijing, Tianjin, Xi'an, Fuzhou, Kunming, Jinan, and others 
which have provided the conditions for urban utilization. 
  Since being treated as energy resources in the 1970s, 
geothermal utilization has developed very quickly, increasing by 
7 to 12 percent annually. To date, we have completed several 
small-scale geothermal experimental power stations (Table 1). 
While we have moved forward in moderate and low-temperature 
power generation technology, most of them have shut down due to 
costs being too high, leaving only the two sites at Huitang in 
Hunan and Fengshun in Guangdong which use 92C water as an 
intermediate medium and are operating intermittently. The 
Yangbajing Geothermal Power Station, the only one with water 
temperatures from 150 to 172C and well mouth pressures of 3 
atmospheres, has grown since starting a 1MW experiment to 25.1MW 
(1992) and has now become Lhasa's primary power station, 
accounting for 40 percent of its power supplies (Table 2). 
Presently, China's total geothermal installed generating 
capacity is just 28.6MW. China has now proven over 170 sites 
with high-temperature geothermal systems (heat reserves 
&gt; 150C) distributed in southern Tibet, western Yunnan, 
western Sichuan, and Taiwan with a power generation potential of 
7,000MW. This shows that progress in China's geothermal power 
generation industry has been slow. 



  Table 1. China's Geothermal Power Stations 



Rank    Location       Period of       Water          Installed     Current         Power 
                       Station         Temperature    Generating    Situation at    Generation 
                       Construction    (C)           Capacity      Power Station   Mode 
                                                      (MW) 

1       Yangbajing,    September,      152            25.18         Operating       Flashing 
        Tibet          1977 

2       Langjiu,       August, 1984    104            1             Intermittent    Flashing 
        Tibet                                                       operation 

3       Nagqu, Tibet   1991            113            1             Under           Two fluid 
                                                                    construction 

4       Huidang,       December,       90             0.3           Operating       Flashing 
        Ningxiang,     1975 
        Hunan 

5       Dengwu,        October, 1970   91             0.1           Operating       Flashing 
        Fengshun, 
        Guangdong 

6       Qingshui,      -               226            3             Operating       - 
        Taiwan 

        Total                                         30.58 

7       Wendang,       September,      67             0.05          Shut down       Two fluid 
        Yichun,        1971 
        Jiangxi 

8       Reshui         1974            77             0.1           Shut down       Flashing 
        Village, 
        Xiangzhou, 
        Guangxi 

9       Zhaoyuan,      1973            90-92          0.2           Dismantled      Flashing 
        Shandong 

10      Huailai,       September,      85             0.2           Shut down       Two fluid 
        Hebei          1971 

11      Xiongyue,      September,      72-84          0.1           Shut down       Two fluid 
        Gaixian,       1977 
        Liaoning 

        Total                                         0.65 





  Table 2. Power Generation in Tibet 



198519861987198819891990Total 
for 6 Years 

                                 Power Output   Percentage    Power Output   Percentage    Power Output   Percentage    Power Output   Percentage    Power Output 
                                 (kWh)          of Total      (kWh)          of Total      (kWh)          of Total      (kWh)          of Total      (kWh) of Total 

Hydropower                       55,842,300     43.42         51,237,500     39.47         51,290,500     50.19         60,732,00      53.00         74,643,30057.53 

Geothermal                       36,405,200     28.31         49,550,100     38.17         43,734,800     42.80         42,689,000     37.25         47,665,50039.69 

Thermal Power                    36,363,400     28.27         29,040,000     22.36         7,168,800      7.01          11,173,900     9.75          5,115,500 

Total                            128,610,900                  129,827,600                  102,193,000                  114,594,900                  127,424,300 


  Direct utilization of widely-distributed moderate and 
low-temperature geothermal resources has grown at an average 
rate of 12 percent and we have now leaped to second place in the 
world in its development. The utilization realm is extremely 
broad, ranging over 20 items including industrial processing, 
drying, icemaking, cropping, breeding, balneotherapy, tourism, 
earthquake prediction, extraction of useful components, and so 
on at 1,101 sites with a yearly heat output of 89,485.96 x 
10[.sup]12[/] kilocalories, equivalent to 3.02 million tons 
of standard coal. 
  China's geothermal power generation and direct utilization 
up 
to the end of 1990 had a total replacement capacity equivalent 
to 3.47 million tons of standard coal (equal to 0.34 percent of 
China's total primary energy resource consumption). 
  We have spent a total of 250 billion yuan over the past 20 
years on evaluating China's geothermal resources and an 
additional 10 million yuan in research expenditures, and over 10 
provincial, municipal, and autonomous region mining bureaus have 
specialized geothermal survey staffs. By the first half of 1991, 
they had drilled 1,767 geothermal wells (not including over 700 
wells drilled by petroleum and other departments) for a total 
drilling footage of 589,000 meters. We established the China 
Energy Resource Research Society Geothermal Specialized 
Committee Academic Group that includes 644 members from 28 
provinces and municipalities and over 40 specializations. China 
also has 14 geothermal research institutes (offices) and over 
100 development and utilization enterprises. In summary, China 
has the capability of assuming responsibility for resource 
surveys and evaluations, formulating regional demarcations, 
thermal field development feasibility discussions, underground 
and surface engineering and thermal reserve engineering 
development, resource survey and utilization software 
development, and other tasks. Geothermal development and 
utilization is now progressing toward industrialization, 
systemization, and standardization. 
  China has only developed an extremely small portion of 
shallow-strata water heat-type geothermal resources at present, 
and we have not done research on dry heated rock-type geological 
resources, which have great potential. Petroleum departments 
have already discovered abundant ground pressure geothermal 
resources in the northern part of the South China Sea. The 
ground temperature gradient in the Yingqiong Basin is as much as 
4.25C/100 meters. At a borehole at Ledong, for instance, 
abnormally high pressures have been discovered at 3,000 meters 
with a pressure gradient at 5,021 meters of 19.2 kPa/meter, and 
there were nine gas-bearing strata (natural gas contained in the 
water). The discovery of this enormous geothermal resource has 
expanded China's development prospects. 
  Based on China's geothermal resource potential and the 
current situation in development and utilization, the key 
technologies for China's geothermal power generation and 
non-power utilization are still in the experimental stage for 
attacks on key problems. Overall, however, they could achieve 
industrial utilization and move into the market. Geothermal 
resources are characterized by being capable of compensation 
(developing dynamic reserves), clean, stable (not subject to 
seasonal interference), occupying small amounts of land, no 
residues, and so on, and they have excellent economic, social, 
and environmental benefits. They must be protected and replace 
unusually expensive basic chemical industry raw materials, and 
make the appropriate contribution to the conventional energy 
resources that are being exhausted. For this reason, we must use 
a strategic perspective in paying attention to and supporting 
them. 
  From projected geothermal power generation and non-power 
utilization in China (see Tables 3, 4, and 5), the amount 
developed by the year 2000 will be equivalent to 8,761,400 tons 
of standard coal and is expected to surpass 15.309 million tons 
of standard coal by the year 2020 and reach 142,183,400 tons of 
standard coal by 2050, which means that the time when our 
conventional energy resources are depleted will be the time that 
development of geothermal energy resources will flourish. 



  Table 3. China's Projected Geothermal Power Generation Potential (MW) 



Area             1992        1995        2000          2010        2050 

Tibet            25.18       30          45            65          100 

Western Yunnan   0           3           10            20          50 


Other regions    3.4         3.4         3.4           3.4         3.4 

Subtotal         28.58       36.4        58.4          88.4        153.4 

Equivalent in    613.4       786.2       1,261.4       1,909       3,313.4 
1,000 tons of 
standard coal 





  Table 4. Projected Potential for Direct Geothermal Utilization (million tons) 



Year               1995           2000           2010           2050 

Standard coal      5.1            7.5            13.4           138.87 





  Table 5. Projected Total Geothermal Power Generation and Direct 
Utilization (tons) 



Year          1995           2000           2010            2050 

Standard      5,886,200      8,761,400      15,309,000      142,183,400 
coal 


  The main problems and countermeasures at present: 
  1. Geothermal resources will exist or disappear jointly with 
the earth. People have an inadequate understanding of their 
potential, "renewability," and development prospects, and they 
still harbor doubts concerning the stability and reliability of 
their scientific utilization, which has affected the development 
of the geothermal energy resource industry. Thus, the 
development and utilization of geothermal resources must be 
focused on from strategic heights. 
  2. China's basic research on geothermal resources is poor, 
our technical measures are backward, we have little advanced 
equipment, our high-temperature geothermal exploratory drilling 
and development technology does not match up, and the state 
invests very little funds. It is hard to meet the requirements 
of economic development. 
  3. The high-temperature geothermal distribution region in 
southern Tibet, western Yunnan, and western Sichuan is also an 
economically backward frontier region with concentrated 
populations of national minorities. Using geothermal and 
small-scale hydropower for mutual supplementation to develop the 
economy, culture, environment, and ecology should be our energy 
resource development principle for unified planning. 
  4. Our southeast coast and the interior have abundant 
moderate and low-temperature geothermal resources and we must 
have unified planning and rational utilization, protect these 
resources, improve utilization grades, and adopt new 
technologies to increase geothermal energy utilization rates. We 
should build balneotherapy sites into tourism regions with 
beautiful scenery, such as Wenquan at Dongshan in Guangdong, 
Lintong in Shaanxi, Xinglong, Sanya, and Lanyang on Hainan, 
Wenquan City at Baiyangdian in Hebei, and others. 
  5. North China has geothermal resource cities and townships 
that can be utilized in a planned manner for heating to reduce 
environmental pollution from the burning of coal and reduce 
unnecessary pressures on coal haulage and residue removal. 
  6. The initial investments for developing geothermal 
resources are relatively large, and geothermal resource 
development activities require the state to provide policy 
supports and substantial economic guarantees to create the 
conditions for basic research and long-term development and 
prepare good comprehensive plans based on a regional demarcation 
of our national geothermal resources. 

