CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Viktor Korytko, VLADIVOSTOK: "It Will Now Be </F>
Necessary To Pay as Much for Energy as It Costs"] 
  [Text] As the press service of the Kray 
Administration reports, the government is preparing a draft 
decree in keeping with which a subsidy in the amount of 30 
billion rubles [R] will be allocated out of the federal budget 
to the Maritime area (specifically, the Dalenergo Joint-Stock 
Company), apparently for the last time, in order to cover the 
difference between preferential electricity rates and the actual 
producer cost. 
  Implementation of this measure will make it possible for the 
power industry of the Maritime area to purchase some of the fuel 
and, most importantly, embark on repairing power equipment which 
is extremely (70 percent) worn out. 
  However, as Deputy Head of the Kray Administration Sergey 
Demin, who "pushed through" this government document in Moscow, 
stressed, the Maritime area will not receive such subsidies any 
longer. Point 1 of Government Decree No. 1001, in keeping with 
which payments for electricity at the level of R40 per kw-hour 
were established, was pronounced void by a directive of Prime 
Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin. As Sergey Demin said, the 
government categorically demanded that the kray switch to actual 
rates for heat and electric energy. This applies to both 
industrial and household consumers of energy. 
  At the same time, it may be expected that the abandonment of 
the use of preferential rates may as early as April and May 
bring about a further crisis of insolvency in the kray because 
new debts will "pile up" on top of old ones, and a certain 
proportion of enterprises will actually go bankrupt, with all 
the ensuing consequences. 

