Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] YPF [Government Oil Deposits] announced that daily 
oil production at the close of 1993 continued to increase: 3.6 
percent for December in respect of the previous month and 12.4 
percent compared to December 1992. The increase was achieved in 
particular in company operated production, which went up by 5.14 
percent, with the Comodoro Rivadavia region showing 7 percent 
growth. Plaza Huincul production also increased, by 4.7 percent, 
despite the fact that this region was still limited in oil 
extraction due to problems of evacuation, which will continue 
unto the start-up of the trans Andean pipeline in February 1994. 
  Total accumulated annual production increased in 1993 by 5.3 
percent in respect of 1992 -- 9.2 percent for company operated 
production and 3.7 percent for nonoperated. 
  If December 1993 is compared to December 1992, the year's 
trend is observable, with operated production increasing by 22.2 
percent, nonoperated decreasing by 2.8 percent and total 
retained increasing by 14.6 percent. 
  At the same time, gas delivered to transporters in December 
decreased by 5.3 percent, in respect of the previous months, due 
to seasonal problems. 
  Crude prices at the end of 1993 were 20 percent below those 
registered half way through the year; the drop was greatest in 
December -- 12.5 percent below November. 
  In December 1993 85 exploration and development wells were 
drilled, as against 79 in the month of November and 28 in 
December 1992. The greater perforation activity was a result of 
the programmes drawn up half way through the year for the Golfo 
San Jorge basin, and which were completed as foreseen. 
  Also in December 1993 the processing of crude in refineries 
remained on the level of the previous month. It diminished 20 
percent in respect of December 1992, as a result of the sale of 
the Campo Duran and San Lorenzo refineries. 
  Sale of petrols in the internal market increased by 12.1 
percent and those of gas oil diminished by 10.4 percent. In both 
cases sales were lower than those of December 1992, but the 
decrease was amply compensated by greater exports. 
  Crude exports in December 1993 increased by 30 percent in 
respect of November. For the whole year, the increase over 1992 
was 122 percent. By-product exports reduced, favouring crude and 
thus improving the company's overall economic picture. 
  The company's programme for protection and recuperation of 
the environment was carried out in the three production regions, 
with particular attention paid to the elimination and filling in 
of oil pools spillages. In 1993, 183 such pools were covered 
over in Plaza Huincul, 265 in Mendoza and 191 in Comodoro 
Rivadavia, a total of 639. 
  Finally, staff was reduced from 13,225 employees in December 
1992 to 7,840 in December 1993. 

