BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, May 7 (KCNA) -- The 9th Central Science 
and Technology Festival took place in Pyongyang from May 3 to 6. 
  Published in the festival were over 800 scientific and 
technological papers which had been received with high 
appreciation in the festivals at factories, enterprises, 
counties, cities and provinces which were held from the end of 
last year to March this year. 
  These papers contain scientific and technological 
achievements in different sectors of the national economy 
including agriculture, light, coal and power industries and 
railway transport. 
  Highly appraised were Kim Chong-hwa, a researcher of the the 
Academy of Agricultural Sciences, who had obtained a new strain 
of big significance in increasing agricultural production and 
Choe Chong-nin, a room chief of the Institute of Animal 
Husbandry of the Academy, who had made a success in his 
research, obtaining an improved strain of the cow. 
  Special awards went to many scientific and technological 
successes including the production of high-pressure cables, 
manufacture of a new pattern weaving machine, and the 
industrialisation of paper production by use of fibre obtained 
from waste water in the festival. 
  Present at the closing ceremony of the festival on May 6 
were 
Alternate Politburo Member and Secretary of the Central 
Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea Choe Tae-pok, and 
officials concerned. 

