BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Sergey Ostanin] </F>
  [Text] Moscow May 16 TASS -- A many-day action of protest 
against peace-time deaths in the Army, initiated by activists of 
the "Russia's Mothers of Soldiers" movement, began in downtown 
Moscow on Monday. The movement demands investigation into the 
cases of murder in the Army, cancellation of the universal 
military service, and adoption of a law on the status of 
soldiers' mothers, Lyubov Lymar, leader of the movement, told 
ITAR-TASS. 
  She believes the state should help the families which have 
lost the breadwinners. The state should guarantee insurance and 
other benefits for the parents and under-age children of the 
servicemen who died in peace time, she said. 
  Lymar said that if the demands were not met, the movement 
activists would picket the office of the procurator-general, 
headquarters of the Federal Assembly, the government and the 
Defence Ministry. 
  The activists are planning to meet representatives of the 
office of the Russian procurator-general on Monday and State 
Duma Chairman Ivan Rybkin on May 21. On Sunday, the activists 
met Moscow Mayor Yuriy Luzhkov who promised help in rendering 
assistance in Moscow to the parents and families who lost sons 
in the Army. 
  During the three years of its activities, the movement has 
held more than ten protest actions, including a two-week hunger 
strike, pickets of government offices, a march of protest along 
Moscow's streets. During one of the actions, the activists 
collected more than 50 thousand signatures in support of the 
movement. Representatives from the Russian Union for Social 
Protection of Servicemen, the Public Association of Servicemen, 
the Church of the God's Mother participated in some of the 
movement's actions. 

