BFN 

<F P=106> ["Pool" item] </F>
  [Text] Knin, Mar 31 (TANJUG) -- The vice-president of the 
State Duma, lower house of Russian parliamant, and of the 
Liberal-Democratic Party of Russia, Aleksandr Vangerovskiy, 
Thursday said that the Russian people was standing by the 
Republic of Serb Krajina (R.S.K.). 
  Vangerovsky said at a rally of Serb-Russian friendship in 
Knin that Russia was rising from its knees and preparing for a 
campaign to help the R.S.K., adding that great changes were 
underway in Russia which would enable it to send even one 
thousand officers to the R.S.K. if necessary. 
  The rally, at which several thousand Knin inhabitants 
welcomed the State Duma delegation, was also attended by the 
R.S.K. President Milan Martic and Foreign Minister Slobodan 
Jarcevic. 
  Delegation member Yevgeniy Fyodorov, independent Duma 
deputee, expressed gratitude to the R.S.K. on behalf of the 
Russian Army. during the past three years, while Russia was on 
its knees, the R.S.K. was strong enough to successfully protect 
both its own and Russia's freedom. Now the Russian Army is with 
the R.S.K., he said. 
  The R.S.K. was proclaimed in 1991 by the local Serbs in 
their ancestral lands in Croatia, in response to Croatia's 
violent secession from the former Yugoslav Federation and its 
trampling on the local Serbs' rights. 
  The R.S.K. became a U.N.-Protected Area (UNPA) in March, 
1992, but the deployment of the U.N. troops had not deterred 
Croatia from launching four offensives against the territory in 
attempts to impose its rule there by force. 

