BFN 

  [Text] The 16th meeting between the Economic, Cultural, 
Scientific, and Technical Cooperation Commissions of the Lao 
People's Democratic Republic [LPDR] and the SRV was held today 
at the meeting hall of the Prime Minister's Office in the 
capital, Vientiane. The Lao side was headed by Khamphoui 
Keoboualapha, deputy prime minister, chairman of the Planning 
and Cooperation Commission, and chairman of the Lao-Vietnamese 
Cooperation Commission. The Vietnamese side was headed by Phan 
Van Khai, deputy prime minister and chairman of the 
Vietnamese-Lao Cooperation Commission. The meeting was attended 
by high-ranking cadres from both sides. 
  This meeting of the Lao and Vietnamese Economic, Cultural, 
Scientific, and Technical Cooperation Commissions was held to 
review implementation of the agreement on economic, cultural, 
scientific, and technical cooperation between the two countries 
in 1993; work out cooperation plans for 1994; study a common 
mechanism for economic, cultural, scientific, and technical 
relations; and discuss regulations on the dispatch of Vietnamese 
experts to work in the LPDR. Also scheduled for discussion 
during the meeting is the strategic plan on economic, cultural, 
scientific, and technical cooperation for the period from now 
until 2000. The venue for the 17th meeting of the Lao and 
Vietnamese cooperation commissions will also be decided during 
the meeting. 

