CSO 

  [Text]VDI-N, Duesseldorf, cf--Cars are to become 
cleaner. Last Tuesday the Council of the European Union passed 
the new guidelines on lowering the permissible exhaust gas 
levels for motor vehicles. The permissible emissions will be 
lowered in three stages. In the first stage the catalytic 
convertor became compulsory for new cars throughout Europe last 
year. The second stage will come into force in 1996. For new 
cars it will reduce the emission of hydrocarbons and nitric 
oxides by an additional 56 percent (gas engines) or 38 percent 
(diesel engines), of carbon monoxide by 39 percent and 68 
percent respectively, of particles by 56 percent. For the third 
stage, starting from the year 2000, the EU commission wants to 
suggest maximum values by the end of the year. "The automobile 
industry will received criteria for their development plans in 
plenty of time," commented Federal secretary of the environment 
Klaus Toepfer. 
  The European Parliament had demanded stricter limiting 
values 
and had also suggested interposing another stage starting in 
1998. The members of parliament spoke particularly strongly 
about there being separate limiting values for hydrocarbons and 
nitric oxides. But when it came to a vote there was not a 
majority in support of the proposals for change. 

