Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Muhammad 'Abd-al-Bari] </F>
  [Text] Investigations by the security organs have revealed 
that Samir Isma'il Salih, a Palestinian student attending 
al-Azhar Institute in al-Zaytun, had strong links with Hamas 
[Islamic Resistance Movement]. "Coded" messages issued by the 
Hamas leadership in the occupied territories were found in 
Salih's possession. The messages contain instructions from 
Hamas for suicide operations to be waged against policemen in 
retaliation for what the group called repressive measures 
against brothers in jihad in Egypt. 
  A responsible security source told AL-AHRAM AL-MASA'I's 
legal 
editor that preliminary information indicates a foreign security 
service has infiltrated Hamas and is steering it toward 
supporting terrorists locked in armed confrontation with the 
Egyptian security organs, in an effort to destabilize Egypt. 
  The security source said that Hamas, while involved in 
supporting Egyptian terrorists, remains unaware of being 
infiltrated by the foreign security service. 
  The source disclosed that the raid on a terrorist stronghold 
in al-Ma'sarah [a southern suburb of Cairo] came after 
investigations showed that a number of individuals living in 
that area had been involved in attacks against policemen. 
  One notorious terrorist, Tharwat Hajjaj, however, managed to 
escape the police dragnet, together with his wife and three 
children. Two others, Muhammad Ahmad Farhan and Samir Salih, 
were captured. 
  The source added that the Egyptian security service had 
information showing Hamas's support of terrorists but lacked 
material evidence. The arrest of the Palestinian student 
provided us with that evidence, he stated. 
  [Cairo AL-JUMHURIYAH in Arabic in a related report published 
on pp 1, 4 of its 22 January issue says: "A high-ranking 
security source has denied a press report on the involvement of 
a certain Palestinian organization in terrorist acts in Egypt. 
The source said that terrorist Samir Salih has been living in 
Cairo for some time and that terrorists succeeded in recruiting 
him."] 

