BFN 

  [Text] Algeria has expressed its support for a Polisario 
[Popular Front for the Liberation of Saquia al Hamra and Rio de 
Oro] call for an international conference to get the UN peace 
plan out of the current crisis. In a statement two days ago, 
Foreign Affairs Minister Mohamed Saleh Dembri said that Algeria 
would welcome any initiative to extend the sphere of 
consultations in a way that would serve regional interests. 
  For his part, Saharan President Mohamed Abdelaziz today 
called on the United Nations once more to put pressure on 
Morocco to adhere to UN resolutions. Fatima Zahra Ourous 
reports: 
  [Ourous] Saharan President Mohamed Abdelaziz urged the 
United 
Nations to intervene immediately and put political pressure on 
Morocco in order to save the UN peace plan for Western Sahara. 
In a statement published in the Algerian daily EL-CHAAB today, 
the Saharan president said that if the United Nations fails to 
implement its plan for the Western Sahara, it will lose its 
credibility and war would break out in the region again. No one 
would be able to determine the duration and number of victims of 
this war, he said. The Saharan official blamed the Moroccan 
authorities for their persistent efforts to abort the peace plan 
by creating obstacles and for their lack of a sincere desire to 
ensure the success of the UN proposal. In this context, the 
Saharan president cited the foiling by the Moroccan Government 
of the meetings held for dialogue and negotiations since last 
July, its persistent breach of the cease- fire conditions, and 
its attempts to flood the Western Sahara with settlers. 
  At the end of his statement to EL-CHAAB today, Mohamed 
Abdelaziz praised Algeria's special role in supporting the 
Saharan people's struggle. 

