BFN 

  [Text] Yesterday, a delegation of the General Political 
Department of the Lao People's Army [LPA] led by Comrade 
Lieutenant General Siphon Phalikhan, member of the Lao People's 
Revolutionary Party Central Committee, deputy minister of 
national defense, and head of the department, left Vientiane for 
Hanoi by a special plane of the LPA Air Force for a two-week 
friendship visit to the SRV. The visit is in response to an 
invitation of head of the General Political Department of the 
Vietnam People's Army [VPA]. 
  During the visit, the delegation is scheduled to meet and 
exchange experiences with a delegation of the VPA General 
Political Department. It will also pay courtesy calls on party 
leaders of the National Defense Ministry and visit a number of 
military units and production establishments in Hanoi and 
certain provinces. 
  A ceremony was held at the National Defense Ministry to see 
off the delegation. Attending the ceremony were Comrade 
Lieutenant General Ai Souli-gnaseng, member of the party Central 
Committee, deputy minister of national defense, and head of the 
General Staff Department; and Major General Soulima Bounleut, 
deputy head of the Army General Political Department. Also on 
hand to see the delegation off at the ceremony was Comrade 
Colonel (Le Quang Hoa), military attache of the SRV to Laos. 

