BFN 

  [Text] Tirana, June 3 (ATA) -- A delegation of the 
Macedonian [The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia -- FYROM] 
Parliament headed by its speaker, Stojan Andov, arrived 
yesterday to Albania for a two-day official and friendly visit, 
at the invitation of the Albanian speaker of parliament, Pjeter 
Arbnori. 
  At the meeting with Mr. Andov at the People's Assembly 
headquarters, Mr. Arbnori said Albania is a peace and stability 
factor in the region. Speaking of the relations with The Former 
Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Mr. Arbnori said he was for the 
increase in all the fields. He pointed out that Albania makes 
efforts for human and national rights of the Albanians who live 
in their own territories. These problems, he said, will be 
resolved by understanding and tolerance without changing the 
borders violently. 
  Mr. Andov admitted that Albanians in Macedonia represent a 
great number of the total population adding that "we have 
created normal conditions basing on the standards." Though, Mr. 
Andov admitted that a difference exist between the written and 
the real rights. Mr. Arbnori and Mr. Andov spoke of the 
dramatic situation in Kosova. 
  Later on, the speaker of the Macedonian Parliament, Andov, 
met with representatives of the parliamentary groups: Ali 
Spahia, the Democratic Party representative; Namik Dokle, 
Socialist Party representative; and Haxhi Aliko, Social 
Democratic Party representative. The two sides expressed their 
readiness for expanding the interparliamentary contacts which 
will influence on the extending of the cooperation between the 
two countries. 
  The Macedonian parliamentary delegation had a meeting with 
representatives of the parliamentary commission for the foreign 
policy, in which the journalists were not allowed to assist. 

