Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Libreville, 27 Jan (AFP) -- Today's issue of the 
BUCHERONS, mouthpiece of the National Lumberjacks Rally [RNG], 
Gabon's leading opposition party, did not refer to the party's 
leader, Father Paul Mba Abessole, as "president of the 
Republic." Father Abessole, who placed second in the 5 December 
presidential elections at which Mr. Bongo was reelected in the 
first round, had declared himself winner of the poll. He then 
formed a "High Council of the Republic" comprising the majority 
of the opposition candidates at the poll and a shadow 
"government" headed by a "prime minister," Pierre-Andre 
Kombilla-Koumba, first secretary of the RNG. 
  In its latest issue, the biweekly dropped these terms and 
reverted to the use of the former titles of "chairman" and 
"first secretary of the RNG." Already, on 22 January, after the 
Constitutional Court turned down the opposition's petition for a 
cancellation of the election results and following the swearing 
in of the head of state for another five-year term of office, 
the opposition decided to drop the terms "government" and 
"Republic" and to replace them with "cabinet" and "resistance," 
respectively. 
  Meeting under the banner of the Convention of Forces of 
Change, the opposition had urged the people "to gear up for 
democratic resistance." According to a source close to the 
"cabinet," who declined to give further details, the opposition 
"is considering a medium-term strategy" at the moment. 

