CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Atsugi Maeyama in New Delhi, India] </F>
  [Text] Leading Japanese trading companies will be offering 
pager services in India. Itochu will form a joint venture with 
fifth-ranking business giant Goenka Group and plans on providing 
pager services in principal Indian cities including New Delhi. 
Mitsui and Company will initiate manufacture and sales of pocket 
pagers in India. India is in the process of deregulating its 
telecommunications markets and trading firms hope to expand into 
the cellular communications sector. 
  Itochu and the Goenka Group will form a joint venture 
located 
in New Delhi at the end of the year. The venture has already 
received informal approval for pager services from the Indian 
Government, but a decision on capitalization and share ownership 
is awaiting a determination on the geographical scope of 
operations. For the short term, it will sell pagers and provide 
services to corporations and middle-class individuals in the New 
Delhi area. 
  Currently, a study is underway to reach a decision on 
whether 
to import pagers made by Japanese communications equipment 
manufacturers or to assemble pagers in India. 
  Mitsui and Company will begin assembly of pagers in India in 
the fall of this year. A contract has been issued to a private 
telephone manufacturer in New Delhi for the production of pagers 
at the rate of 1-2 million units a year for sale to Indian 
domestic pager companies. Telephone installations in India sit 
at a low rate of 0.6 per hundred population, providing the stage 
for explosive expansion in the mobile telecommunication market. 

