BFN 

  [Text] Obrenovac, 7 Jun (TANJUG) -- Momcilo Krajisnik, 
chairman of the Srpska republic assembly, told Radio Obrenovac 
that "despite Mr. Akashi's great hopes and expectations that the 
agreement will be signed today," the Serb side is "nowhere 
nearly that optimistic." "This means that we will not be 
surprised if the agreement is not signed. The reasons are 
obvious -- the Croat-Muslim side has been using all means to 
obstruct the agreement," Krajisnik said. 
  "The Muslim demands are not insurmountable as far as we are 
concerned and this fact deprives them of their last trump card," 
Krajisnik said, adding that this "automatically brings into 
question any further support by those who suggested obstruction 
to them." 
  Asked about the reasons for his doubts about the successful 
outcome of the negotiations, Krajisnik recalled that similar 
indications of an early accord were seen before and that 
everyone knew how they ended up. 
  "The fact that the Muslim delegation does not include the 
military commander who should sign the agreement shows that this 
situation today resembles earlier unsuccessful attempts," 
Krajisnik said, adding that in view of this and other details 
the Serb side came to the conclusion that "they have no 
intention of signing." 
  "However, they came to Geneva for fear of condemnation by 
the 
international public. Even if they sign the agreement I doubt 
that they will respect if implemented. To put it simply, it 
seems that at this moment they believe that they can use the 
military option to achieve more favorable solution; but this 
only means a continuation of the war," Krajisnik told Radio 
Obrenovac. 

