Language: <F P=105> Japanese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] On 27 December, Minister of International Trade and 
Industry [MITI] Hiroshi Kumagai, commented on Mazda Motor 
Corporation's decision to strengthen its cooperative ties with 
Ford Motors, saying: "It is highly desirable from the 
perspective of Japanese and U.S. auto industries building up 
cooperative relations." Automobiles remain a major contributor 
to Japan's large trade surplus, and have been made an issue in 
the Japan-U.S. comprehensive economic talks. As such, Kumagai 
praised the Japanese and U.S. industries' efforts to create 
cooperative relations on their own. 
  But this agreement on beefed-up cooperation, while bringing 
Ford executives into Mazda operations, promises little in the 
areas of production and sales. Consequently, some MITI 
officials think: "Mazda, which is in a business slump, maybe 
wanted to show its workers and the public that the company is 
now regaining stability with the support of Ford." 
  Domestic automobiles are now in oversupply as a result of 
flagging domestic demand and the prolonged appreciation of the 
yen. MITI (a senior official) thinks: "Domestic makers ought to 
take drastic measures such as production cutbacks or 
reorganization," and hopes the Ford-Mazda cooperation will be an 
opportunity for domestic makers to go further toward 
restructuring. 

