Language: <F P=105> Mandarin </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Leaders of the Lanzhou Military Region and Gansu 
Province called on some Lanzhou-based veteran and retired 
comrades at home yesterday morning [8 February]. Lanzhou 
Military Region Commander Liu Jingsong and Yan Haiwang, 
secretary of the Gansu Provincial CPC Committee, called on Gu 
Jinchi [former Gansu provincial party committee secretary, who 
was transferred to Liaoning], Xu Feiqing, Li Ziqi, Ge Shiying, 
Li Keru, Li Dengyin, Wang Binxiang, Chen Xu, Li Tieyang, Yin 
Aming, Wu Jian, Wang Guorui, Wang Zhanchang, and Liu Haisheng at 
their homes. They extended Lunar New Year greetings to them, 
and asked them about their livelihood and health. 
  Joining Commander Liu Jingsong and Secretary Yan Haiwang in 
calling on the above-mentioned veteran and retired comrades 
were: Zhang Wule, deputy secretary of the provincial party 
committee and acting governor; Wang Maorun, deputy political 
commissar of the Lanzhou Military Region; Yang Zhenjie, deputy 
secretary of the provincial party committee; Rao Fengzhu, Shi 
Zhongyuan, and Lu Hao, members of the provincial party 
committee; Liu Yuzhao, deputy chief of staff of the Lanzhou 
Military Region; and Zhang Guangze, deputy director of the 
Lanzhou Military Region Logistics Department. Gu Jinchi, 
secretary of the Liaoning Provincial CPC Committee, also joined 
Commander Liu Jingsong and Secretary Yan Haiwang in calling on 
some veteran and retired comrades. 

