BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Channel 7 News" newscast] </F>
  [Text] On 11 and 12 June, the government reported a violent 
plot to destabilize the country, a plot that could delay the 
peace process, cause terror, and prevent the renewal of the 
Congress. President Ramiro de Leon Carpio said if necessary he 
will deploy Army troops to quell the first protests, which he 
termed manipulated protests. 
  [Begin recording] [De Leon] These are acts of vandalism. I 
have already given instructions to the government minister; we 
even talked about the actions we will take. As of 13 June, we 
will take special security measures. We refuse to tolerate 
vandalism, disorder, and public unrest. I said we will take 
these steps beginning on 13 June because demonstrators will take 
advantage of the beginning of classes to stage these protests. 
We are sure this is not a fortuitous event; on the contrary, it 
is a planned event. Therefore, we will enforce the law, which is 
on our side; we will put order in Guatemala with the law on our 
side. 
  I just gave instructions to the government minister, and he 
explained to me that there are some problems due to the lack of 
police agents. On 13 June, however, we will establish some 
mechanisms to protect businesses, honest citizens, and students 
who want to attend classes and who are not involved in illegal 
acts. Therefore, the people can rest assured we will adopt 
special measures beginning on 13 June. I repeat: The law is on 
our side, and we will make sure public order will not be altered. 
  [Unidentified reporter] Are there groups that are being 
manipulated? 
  [De Leon] Certainly. 
  [Reporter] [words indistinct] 
  [De Leon] I really do not know, but I ordered an 
investigation. It is obvious, isn't it? 
  [Reporter] As a security measure, will the Army [words 
indistinct] these groups? 
  [De Leon] Should it be necessary, we will do it. We will not 
do it for the time being, however. I am currently holding talks 
with the national defense chief of staff on the need to 
reinforce -- as we have been doing lately -- civilian 
authorities. According to the Constitution, the Army's role is 
to maintain public order, security, peace, and sovereignty. 
These are among the Army's main responsibilities. [end 
recording] 

