Language: <F P=105> Czech </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] Eduard Shevardnadze, the highest Georgian 
representative, stopped over in Prague briefly on his way to the 
United States. He was received at Prague Castle by President 
Vaclav Havel. The two statesmen then briefed journalists in 
detail about their hour-long conversation. Our correspondent 
David Stahlavsky, who was there, reports: 
  [Stahlavsky] President Vaclav Havel welcomed the possibility 
to have talks, albeit brief ones, with the chairman of the State 
Council of this Transcaucasian country. Apart from bilateral 
Czech-Georgian relations, they also discussed the situation in 
Georgia itself, which is being troubled by a civil war and wars 
among various ethnic groups, and about the situation in Russia 
and in the Euro-Asian region. [passage omitted] 
  Vaclav Havel stressed: 
  [Begin Havel recording] We have promised that, as a 
nonpermanent member of the Security Council, we would support 
such resolutions that will promote peace in Georgia and in the 
entire region and the special development of Georgia as an 
independent state. [end recording] 
  [Stahlavsky] In this regard, Eduard Shevardnadze admitted 
that he considered it necessary to explain to the president of 
the Czech Republic, which is a nonpermanent member of the UN 
Security Council, Georgia's attitude toward the conflict in 
Abkhazia and to ask for support for a just solution to the 
conflict that is now coming to a head. 
  After the talks between Havel and Shevardnadze, the Georgian 
leader noted that full understanding has been achieved. The 
chairman of the State Council of Georgia also noted that, 
without the decisive participation of Russia, as a permanent 
member of the Security Council and the great neighbor of 
Georgia, peace in his country and in Abkhazia will not be 
achieved. Shevardnadze and Yeltsin [as heard], however, have 
found mutual understanding on the question of the Abkhazian 
conflict. 
  It was for these reasons that Georgia joined the CIS in 
October 1993. [passage indistinct] 
  The reasons were, as the highest Georgian representative 
said, the close economic relations with Russia, without which 
independent Georgia cannot exist. [passage omitted] 

