Language: <F P=105> Turkish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Brussels -- The two-day International Conference on 
North Kurdistan [Kurdish regions in Turkey] held in the Belgian 
capital has ended with a 31-point resolution. 
  The resolution announced at the end of the conference calls 
for the recognition of the Kurds as a separate people and for 
the reflection of this fact primarily in the [Turkish] 
Constitution and in all other legislative acts. 
  The members of parliament taking part in the conference 
issued a separate eight-point resolution of their own. 
  The conference called for the convocation of an 
international 
conference in Diyarbakir to review the developments following 
the broad dissemination of its resolution and of Ocalan's 
[leader of the Workers Party of Kurdistan, PKK] proposals. 
  The members of parliament taking part in the conference 
adopted an eight-point separate resolution of their own. This 
resolution, adopted by 27 MP's from the Turkish and various 
other parliaments, says: 
  ``1. The conference strongly protests the lifting of the 
immunity of the Kurdish members of parliament by the Turkish 
Grand National Assembly [TGNA], and the detention of some of 
them. 
  ``2. The immunity of all TGNA members must be restored 
immediately. The conference calls on all TGNA members to 
implement the normal laws and forge a parliamentary compromise. 
  ``3. The conference advocates the recognition and 
legalization of all Kurdish parties. 
  ``4. For this purpose, a dialogue should be initiated in 
Parliament with the Government. 
  ``5. All arms exports to Turkey outside its NATO commitments 
should stop. 
  ``6. NATO should revise its arms exports to Turkey. The 
violation of the Kurds' legitimate rights with the use of NATO 
arms is unacceptable. 
  ``7. The CSCE countries must immediately put into effect a 
mechanism to ensure Turkey's compliance with human rights 
standards in keeping with its international commitments. 
  ``8. All governments will be asked to intensify their formal 
relations with the DEP [Democracy Party] and to take appropriate 
measures to help that party.'' 
  The following are some of the points of the general 
resolution adopted at the end of the conference: [First two 
points not published] 
  ``3. The roots of the present situation faced by the Kurdish 
and Turkish peoples lie in the period when the Ottoman Empire 
was being dissolved and in the aftermath of World War I, in 
which Europe was also involved. Therefore, this is also a 
European problem. 
  ``It is now time for Europe to fulfill its responsibilities. 
It must help the Kurdish and Turkish peoples, and assume its 
responsibilities for achieving a peaceful, democratic solution 
through a dialogue suitable to the interests of the Turkish and 
Kurdish peoples. 
  ``4. There are still human rights violations in Turkey, most 
of the victims being Kurds and defenders of human rights. 
  ``5. Germany and the United States in particular are 
providing military support to Turkey in order to prolong the 
fighting. These arms are being used in major violations of 
human rights and in crimes against mankind. 
  ``6. The term `terrorism' implies individual acts inspiring 
terror. This term is being manipulated and is misused in order 
to legitimize the transfer of arms used in military operations 
against the organized armed group fighting against the Turkish 
state. The states providing these arms are also misusing the 
concept of terrorism. 
  ``7. In order to be able to fulfill their legitimate 
international commitments, the United States and all the 
European States should completely cut off military and economic 
assistance to Turkey until it fully implements its commitments 
to legality and human rights. 
  ``8. Turkey should institute democratic restructuring to 
bring peace and security to the country as a whole. The 
security of all the peoples in Turkey is contingent upon the 
definition and recognition of the Kurdish people as a separate 
people. The recognition of the Kurdish people should be 
guaranteed constitutionally. Turkey's Constitution and all the 
legislative acts must fully guarantee the Kurdish people's 
cultural, social, and political rights. 
  ``9. A democratic dialogue should be started. Preconditions 
for this are a mutual cease-fire with international supervision, 
the lifting of all bans on Kurdish organizations, and the legal 
recognition of the right to use the Kurdish language. The 
Kurdish people's freedom to take part in a dialogue on their 
future through their organizations, including that of the PKK, 
must be guaranteed. 
  ``10. If a genuine dialogue is to be launched in Turkey, 
then freedom of expression and the press must be fully 
recognized. 
  ``11. Turkey must chose one of two paths: The first is the 
current ever increasing militarization of the state at the cost 
of the sacrifice of the democratic traditions. This path will 
lead to isolation and detachment from European institutions, 
including the Council of Europe, and to the destruction of 
democracy and the economy. The other is a path that makes it 
possible to defend the fundamental rights and freedoms of both 
the Kurds and Turks. This path is the foundation for a 
democratic dialogue. 
  ``12. The international community, particularly the European 
states, are obligated to help Turkey to chose the path of a 
peaceful and secure future in conformity with UN Charter and its 
commitments within the CSCE. For this reason, they should help 
the Kurds in their countries to participate in the dialogue. 
This requires the lifting of restrictions and bans imposed on 
the Kurdish organizations in France and Germany. These states 
must begin a dialogue with the Kurdish people's representatives, 
including the PKK's. 
  ``13. In the light of the PKK general secretary's proposal 
for a mutual cease-fire under international supervision, Turkey 
must utilize the opportunity for a new democratic solution to 
the Kurdish problem. The international community must encourage 
Turkey to utilize this opportunity. If Turkey does not utilize 
this opportunity immediately and in a positive manner, then the 
international community must act to protect the rights of the 
Kurdish people. 
  ``20. [Number as published] All CSCE member countries: 
  ``-- must ensure that the CSCE High Commission on Minorities 
fully fulfills its functions in Turkey, and 
  ``-- appoint observers to monitor the local elections in 
southeast Turkey and the situation in the region over a longer 
period. 
  ``21. It is the obligation of the member countries of the 
Council of Europe to impose international sanctions against 
Turkey in accordance with Article 24 of the European Human 
Rights Convention in order to prevent further deterioration of 
the situation and in connection with official excuses over 
violations of the provisions of the convention. 
  ``22. The political parties should strengthen their formal 
ties with the Kurdish and Turkish parties, especially the DEP 
[Democracy Party]. 
  ``26. [number as published] This International Conference 
makes the following demands from the Turkish Government: 
  ``-- That it urgently reply to the proposal for a mutual 
cease-fire under the supervision of international observers. 
  ``-- That it restore the immunity of the eight deputies, and 
release the detained ones. 
  ``-- That it put an end to the killing of the party members 
and leaders, the bombing of party headquarters, and mass 
detentions. 
  ``-- That it rescind the Antiterrorism Law, and lift the 
legal and administrative restrictions on the Kurdish 
organizations. 
  ``-- That it put an end to the killing, detention, 
intimidation of reporters, and to the intervention in press 
freedom. 
  ``-- That it create democratic conditions for the next 
elections. 
  ``-- As an initial move, that it give permission to a 
broadly 
based group of international observers to monitor the March 
1994 elections, and facilitate the monitoring of Nevruz 
celebrations by governmental and nongovernmental observers. 
  ``27. The Conference calls on the organizers of this 
historic conference to widely circulate these decisions and the 
PKK secretary general's message to the conference. 
  ``28. The conference calls on its organizers to sponsor 
activities for effective implementation of the proposals to 
Turkey, other states, and the PKK. 
  ``29. The conference approves of any measures aimed at 
enhancing international interest in the situation in Kurdistan, 
including the sending of fact-finding delegations. 
  ``30. The conference calls on its organizers to consider 
calling an international conference in Diyarbakir to review the 
developments. 
  ``31. The conference calls on Turkish, Kurdish, and 
international media to continue their important role of 
thoroughly reporting on the situation in Kurdistan, and 
concludes its meeting with hopes of a new democratic future for 
the region.'' 

