BFN 

<F P=106> [By Javier Rodriguez] </F>
  [Text] Havana, 3 Jun (PL) -- The group of individuals that 
is still occupying the Belgian ambassador's residence in this 
city is facing isolation, in light of an agreement reached 
between Brussels and Havana regarding the illegality of their 
action. 
  Sources close to the Foreign Ministry have confirmed to 
PRENSA LATINA the two governments are still pressuring the group 
to leave the building they occupied by force on 28 May in an 
attempt to spur the diplomatic representation into helping them 
leave the country. 
  Conversations between the Cuban and Belgian Foreign 
Ministries have led to an agreement rejecting such actions, 
which violate local law and all forms of established 
international procedure. 
  The day the event took place Cuba stated the violation of 
sovereign rights of diplomatic representations accredited in 
Cuban territory will never be accepted as a valid means of 
leaving the country and underscored the vital importance of 
complying with current legislation. 
  Based on a specific request from the Belgian Government, 
security at the perimeter of the occupied installation has been 
strengthened. 
  Willy Verriest, special envoy of the Belgian Government, and 
Paul Vermkirsch, Belgian ambassador to Havana, have already met 
on several occasions with important Cuban Foreign Ministry 
officials to analyze the unfolding situation as well as the 
technical aspects of the measures to be adopted to facilitate a 
final solution. 
  Four men who were inside the residence have already accepted 
the guarantees offered by Cuba and left the residence and have 
been able to go home without being bothered by authorities. 
  The situation is normal inside the Belgian residence, and 
this fact, which local and foreign reporters can observe from 
the outside, contrasts, according to what a Latin American 
diplomat has told PRENSA LATINA, with certain alarming reports 
propagated by anti-Cuban organizations abroad. 
  Cuban Foreign Ministry officials reaffirmed today they have 
not received from the Belgian side any type of proposal 
involving the acquisition of food and other services for the 
unexpected guests. 

