BFN 

  [Text] Joe Clark, the UN secretary general's special 
representative in Cyprus, tonight said that he and the UN 
secretary general are now facing a challenge to try to get the 
issues that are before the leaders of the two communities 
accepted. He added that both he and the UN secretary general 
believe this is possible. 
  In a statement in New York, Clark said he will meet the 
Security Council members tomorrow to brief them on his recent 
talks in Cyprus. He noted that this is natural given the top 
priority the Security Council attaches to the efforts for a 
solution. He said: As you know, the UN secretary general issued 
a report noting that the progress that was expected has not been 
achieved. But he added that he hopes we will use the next four 
weeks to reach an agreement on the basis of the proposals before 
the two leaders. 
  Asked if he believes there will be progress in the next four 
weeks, Clark said he hopes that progress will be reached on the 
basis of the positions that are now before the two leaders, 
which offer real benefits to the sides. 
  Commenting on President Glavkos Kliridhis' position that he 
will discuss no new proposals, Clark said: Kliridhis' position 
was clear. He raised two positions in his statement: First, 
despite his reservations, he reconfirmed his support for the 
proposals being promoted. Second, he stressed that he will 
accept no changes to the proposals. 

