Language: <F P=105> Hebrew </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by correspondent in the territories Moti Amir -- </F>
live] 
  [Excerpt] The unrest in the territories continues, 
although the scope of the riots does not match the incidents 
yesterday following the Hebron massacre. In Gaza, a youth was 
killed a short while ago by IDF [Israel Defense Forces] 
soldiers' fire during severe clashes with the security forces. 
Early this morning, a curfew was clamped on the al-Shaykh 
Radwan and al-Shaja'iyah neighborhoods of Gaza, where the most 
extensive riots took place yesterday. Curfews were also imposed 
on the refugee camps of Jabalyah, al-Shati', al-Nusayrat, and 
Dayr al-Balah. 
  IDF patrols came under fire four times in Dayr al-Balah last 
night, and miraculously no one was hurt. There were no other 
shooting incidents in the Gaza Strip, and last night was quite 
quiet there. 
  In Judaea and Samaria, incidents started early this morning, 
mostly stone-throwing. According to the reports, stones were 
thrown at cars on the Bet Horon-Ben Shemen road, and four 
Israelis, including a baby, were injured by stones and glass 
debris. Two of the wounded were taken to the Hadassah Hospital, 
and another two were treated by medical teams on the site and 
refused to go to hospital. 
  Riots took place in the village of Yattah, south of Hebron. 
One person was seriously injured in the head in clashes there 
with the soldiers, and was taken to al-Maqasid Hospital in East 
Jerusalem. 
  Just now we are receiving additional reports from the field: 
In the Tulkarm refugee camp another youth was killed and six 
people were injured by IDF soldiers' fire. Four additional 
Palestinians were injured in the Qabatiyah refugee camp, near 
Janin. These last reports have not yet been confirmed by the 
security forces. [passage omitted] 

