BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Vesti" newscast: Video report by Ye. Sokolova] </F>
  [Text] Despite the fact that the Russian side has not yet 
furnished Estonia with a timetable for the withdrawal of its 
forces, the withdrawal itself is, according to the military, 
proceeding strictly on schedule. 
  The headquarters of the Navy in Tallinn is left with only 
support units under its command. Ninety percent of the property 
from the torpedo and mine depot has already been shipped out by 
rail and road. Only a few bits and pieces remain. The 
workshops for overhauling torpedoes are deserted. Equipment is 
being sold to the Estonian side. It will be possible to make 
use of it for civilian purposes. Unserviceable and obsolete 
equipment is being abandoned. It would be very expensive to 
ship it out, and the Ministry of Defense is refusing permission 
to sell it off as scrap metal. It is clearly afraid of a 
repetition of the problems experienced in the Western Group of 
Forces. So we are abandoning thousands of tonnes of metal, to 
the joy of the local scrap merchants. 
  Unlike the Ground Forces units, the Navy units are not being 
withdrawn but are being disbanded on the spot. Only one in 
three officers is being offered a new posting. This means that 
two-thirds of them will end up homeless in our vast motherland. 
Those with less than 20 years of service will not even get a 
service pension. What is to become of them? Will they just 
become vagrants in naval uniform? Who will answer for the fact 
that people who are having to listen daily to being called 
"occupationists," people who have given the best years of their 
lives to the Navy, are being abandoned to their fate? 

