BFN 

  [Excerpts] At a recent provincial meeting promoting the 
maintenance of good social order and commending those who boldly 
do what is right, Governor Tian Chengping pointed out: The 
entire party and the whole society must vigorously support and 
praise residents who are ready to take up the cudgel for the 
just cause of fighting against acts which violate the law, so 
that this practice can become a new symbol of our era. He 
added: Our purpose of safeguarding social order is to maintain 
social stability to ensure the smooth development of the cause 
of reform and opening up. 
  We must profoundly understand the relationship between 
reform, development, and stability. In according with Comrade 
Deng Xiaoping's ideas of doing two types of work simultaneously 
and attaching equal importance to both, we must grasp economic 
construction and reform and opening up with one hand, and grasp 
improvement of judicial system and cracking down on various 
criminal activities with the other. To do well in safeguarding 
social order, it is insufficient to rely on the strength of 
judicial organs alone. We must persist in the mass line and 
fully arouse the enthusiasm of the masses in safeguarding social 
order, and exploring a new way for improving social order in 
light of the development of the situation. [passage omitted] 
  Tian Chengping also called on CPC committees and governments 
at all levels to attach importance to the activities of 
publicizing the act of boldly doing what is right. They must 
strengthen leadership, make well-conceived arrangements, and 
take strong measures. These activities should be included in 
the general plan for the building of the socialist spiritual 
civilization and integrated with the efforts to inherit and 
carry forward Qinghai's spirit of striking deep roots on the 
plateau, working hard, exploring the way forward, and being 
selflessly devoted. We must go all out to make Qinghai strong 
and create its glorious future. 

