BFN 

  [Text] Gaza, 16 Jun (MENA) -- Dr. Nabil Sha'th, minister of 
planning and international cooperation in the Palestinian 
National Authority who is now in Gaza, will meet with General 
Amnon Shahaq, Israeli chief of staff and head of the Israeli 
delegation, at the (Ritz) border post tomorrow morning. During 
this meeting, the two sides are scheduled to complete 
negotiations over the problems that remained unresolved when 
they signed the Gaza-Jericho agreement in Cairo on 4 May. 
  In a statement to MENA, Sha'th, who heads the Palestinian 
delegation to the negotiations with Israel, said that he will 
visit Jericho on Saturday to acquaint himself with the situation 
there and then go to Jerusalem. 
  Meanwhile, Dr. Sha'th today held several meetings in the 
Gaza 
Strip with the UN Relief Work Agency, UNRWA, officials and 
discussed education problems in the strip. He also met with 
members of the so-called Civilian Administration, which does 
all government jobs in the Gaza Strip. He discussed with the 
head of the International Red Cross office the problems of 
Palestinian detainees in Israeli jails. He noted that he will 
meet later today with a number of Western consuls in East 
Jerusalem, who consider themselves to be accredited to the 
Palestinian National Authority, to discuss cooperation with 
these countries. He said that he will discuss with the French 
consul the garbage collection plan in Gaza, which will be funded 
by France. 

