BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Union Radio News" newscast] </F>
  [Excerpts] The social cabinet installed on Thursday at the 
Miraflores Presidential Palace will benefit approximately 5 
million persons who live in extreme poverty, a matter of concern 
for the national government. This was announced by Family 
Minister Mercedes Pulido de Briceno when she installed the 
social cabinet. The minister indicated that the situation of 
unemployment, inflation, and shortages of basic products demand 
an expeditious and permanent social policy to benefit the needy 
sectors. 
  The minister highlighted the importance of the social 
cabinet 
that will meet every Wednesday at the Miraflores Presidential 
Palace to discuss social aid programs targeted for families with 
scarce economic resources. Pulido de Briceno said that with this 
new program not only the social sector but also the economic 
sector will be taken into account. In terms of this, she 
highlighted the use of generic drugs by the population and price 
control to avoid rampant prices hikes. [passage omitted] 
  Meanwhile, Nancy Montero de Sanchez, new president of the 
National Institute of Minors, was sworn in by President Rafael 
Caldera. Montero de Sanchez announced the implementation of a 
violence prevention program for minors who are social outcasts 
as a result of the crisis the nation is experiencing. [passage 
omitted] 

