Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report from Moscow by correspondent Catherine Jentile] </F>
  [Excerpt] [Jentile] In Moscow, the time has come to gather 
support for the Bosnian Serbs. The now-famous extremist, 
Vladimir Zhirinovskiy took a first step a few days ago. 
Displaying one of his acolytes dressed in Serbian combat 
uniform he explained: With this uniform, but with Russian 
weapons, the Serbs will respond to every aggression. 
  Last night the ultranationalist leader rammed his message 
home, at the very time when NATO was delivering its ultimatum: 
  [Begin Zhirinovskiy recording, in French] If French airmen 
bomb the cities of Bosnia, then one day we will bomb French 
cities, and even Paris. [end recording] 
  [Jentile] This morning, the Russian government also made its 
voice heard, questioning NATO's right to decide on air strikes, 
and appealing to the United Nations. A little later, the 
Russian Army announced that it was beginning early warning 
exercises [exercices de mise en alerte] for the headquarters of 
their strategic nuclear forces. For now, however, there is no 
question of crossing the boundary between exercises and reality: 
  [Begin recording of Anatoliy Adamishin, deputy Russian 
foreign minister, in Russian, with superimposed French 
translation] What could we do if NATO were to carry out such air 
strikes? We obviously do not have the material means to oppose 
them. So we will not go to war with NATO. [passage omitted] 
[end recording] 

