BFN 

  [Text] Cajnice, April 26 (TANJUG) -- A Muslim sniper from 
Gorazde has killed a Bosnian Serb fighter at the right bank of 
the Drina in sight of U.N. peacekeepers, the Herzegovina corps 
command said on Tuesday. 
  The Muslim sniper shot dead Herzegovina Corps member Sasa 
Burovic near the village of Kazagici, three kilometres from 
central Gorazde. He was shot late on Monday while talking to 
Ukrainian peacekeepers by a U.N. armoured vehicle. The 
Ukrainians readily came to his rescue, transporting him to a 
Visegrad hospital but Burovic died a few hours later. 
  Early on Tuesday, Muslims kept showering Herzegovina corps 
troops with fire from rifles with telescopic sights, machine 
guns and anti-aircraft guns in violation of a ceasefire, their 
bullets whizzing over the heads of U.N. peacekeepers. 
  Whenever Bosnian Serb units withdraw and U.N. peacekeepers 
deploy within three kilometres from central Gorazde, Muslims 
from Gorazde promptly move in the vacant space, in violation of 
a NATO ultimatum and an agreement between Bosnian Serb President 
Radovan Karadzic and U.N. secretary-general's special envoy 
Yasushi Akashi. 
  Bosnian Serb troops have moved to three kilometres from 
central Gorazde, in accordance with the Belgrade agreement 
between Karadzic and Akashi, General Milan Gvero, the Bosnian 
Serb army assistant commander, said on Monday. 
  U.N. peacekeepers, deployed as an interposition force 
pursuant to the agreement, are expected not to allow Muslims any 
more provocations from Gorazde, Gen. Gvero said. 
  In late March, Muslims launched an offensive against the 
Bosnian Serb territory from Gorazde, which, as a U.N.-proclaimed 
"safe area," should have been demilitarised in the spring of 
1993, but Bosnian Serb forces mounted a counter-offensive and 
pushed the Muslims back towards the centre of the town. 

