Language: <F P=105> Turkish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Announcer-read report over video] </F>
  [Text] Murat Karayalcin, leader of the Social Democratic 
Populist Party [SDPP], state minister, and deputy prime 
minister, has declared that he is against lifting the immunity 
of deputies in principle and for political reasons. Addressing 
the SDPP Central Executive Council meeting today, Karayalcin 
said: 
  [Begin Karayalcin recording] The SDPP believes that with 
regard to this critical issue, it will be more appropriate to 
pursue policies in accordance with future outcome and expected 
success rates, especially in the struggle against terrorism, 
rather than in line with momentary reactions or rages expressed 
in the society. [end recording] 
  Karayalcin noted that there is no assembly group decision on 
this matter, and SDPP deputies will decide in accordance with 
their free will, after having studied the relevant files. 
Responding to the Motherland Party leader's criticism 
concerning the struggle against terrorism, Karayalcin explained 
that his party is determined to support every possible 
initiative and measure in this regard. We cannot, however, 
accept or condone a struggle against thought under the banner of 
fighting terrorism, Karayalcin remarked. 
  Karayalcin explained that in the past 10 years of separatist 
terrorist activity, 10,000 terrorists have either been killed or 
captured and 3,500 of these were caught in the past six months. 
Pointing out that the government attained this successful point 
in the struggle against terrorism before the actual enactment of 
the amendments in the antiterrorism law, Karayalcin expounded 
with regard to Article 8,which outlines the range of terrorist 
crimes, as follows: 
  [Begin Karayalcin recording] For one thing, we do not in 
principle approve Article 8. Moreover, if Article 8 is to be 
amended, we would like the protection of the secular republic to 
be appended to this article. My dear colleagues, recent events 
have demonstrated our society's sensitivity to this subject. I 
would like to state very clearly once again that it is not 
important where terrorism stems from. The struggle against 
terrorism aimed at secession, at establishing an antisecular 
regime, or at eliminating democracy should be waged equally at 
one and the same time. They should not be categorized. [end 
recording] 
  Karayalcin averred that both his party and the government 
will continue their efforts to guarantee secure elections. 

