Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The flag officer commanding Western Naval Command, 
Rear Admiral (Jibril Layinla), says the Nigerian Navy is in the 
desired state of readiness for the protection of the nation's 
territorial waters and her citizens. He was speaking today at a 
news conference on the conclusion of his first command fleet 
exercise which, he said, was aimed at assessing the material 
state of readiness and fleet efficiency of his command. He said 
that the exercise, which started during the Ramadan, was 
designed to assess the fleet weapon system and the performances 
of the men on the machines. He noted that the exercise 
generated a lot of interest against the background of a similar 
military exercise between the French and Beninois navies in 
Benin Republic. 
  While describing the military exercise as routine, Rear Adm. 
(Layinla) said the Navy will spare no effort in carrying out its 
military role of defending the country. He described the 
exercise as successful and debunked the speculations of a 
Cameroonian Navy attack on Nigerian vessels. 
  [Begin recording] We went out today to exercise in an area 
which we call (Alpha Hot Spot), which is off our own waters. If 
you consider the boundary with the Republic of Benin, it means 
we are not far from each other at all. They are on one side of 
the exercise area, and we are on the other side of the exercise 
area. [end recording] 
  On the absence of the Nigerian Navy in the Bakassi 
Peninsula, 
Rear Adm. (Layinla) stated that because the area is too shallow 
for naval ships, it is the responsibility of the Amphibious 
Brigade of the Nigerian Army, while the Navy provides support 
from the sea. The command fleet exercise ended today with four 
ships, a frigate, two fast attack crafts, and a service vessel. 

