BFN 

  [Excerpt] Guatemala City, 2 Apr (DPA) -- Magistrate 
Epaminondas Gonzalez Dubon, president of Guatemla's 
Constitutionality Court, was killed this morning by unidentified 
gunmen while driving his car in the company of his wife and son. 
The shooting occurred just before the family reached their home. 
  After being notified of the situation, Guatemalan President 
Ramiro de Leon Carpio expressed his dismay at the news, 
Information Secretary Felix Loarca Guzman told DPA. De Leon 
immediately ordered Interior Minister Danilo Parinello to 
conduct an exhaustive investigation and to put his best men on 
the case, Loarca stated. 
  The Constitutionality Court is currently the court in 
Guatemala with the most credibility and trust. It was 
instrumental in mantaining the de jure state following the 
incidents of last May when then-President Jorge Serrano Elias 
dissolved Congress and the Supreme Court and attempted to govern 
with absolute power. At that time, the Constitutionality Court 
outlined the legal and constitutional path that should be 
followed by the Army. Gonzalez Dubon, in a historic and solemn 
act attended by the diplomatic corps accredited to the country, 
announced that state institutions would be maintained while 
deposed President Serrano was replaced. Shortly after this 
occurred, current President Ramiro de Leon Carpio was elected. 
[passage omitted] 

