Language: <F P=105>Slovak </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The government did not breach its duties vis-a-vis 
the Constitution of the Slovak Republic, the statement by the 
Press and Information Department of the Slovak Government office 
says. This statement has been passed to the Slovak Republic 
News Agency in connection with the decision of the Slovak 
Constitutional Court regarding the proposal put forward by 38 
deputies to the National Council [of the Slovak Republic], 
requesting that proceedings be launched in the matter of 
interpreting the provisions of the Constitution. The deputies' 
request concerned the action taken by Prime Minister Vladimir 
Meciar, who, on 1 March of last year, returned the bill on the 
state budget and the changes in social security laws to the 
parliament to be debated the second time around. Meciar 
justified this by saying that putting these laws into effect 
and, in particular, paying out state supplements on child 
benefits would make the state budget short 3.7 billion korunas. 
From the ruling passed by the Constitutional Court decision, it 
transpires that those responsible for the delay [in passing the 
bill] are the deputies from the Christian Democratic Movement, 
the Party of the Democratic Left, and other deputies, who 
refused to debate the bills, although it is their duty, the 
statement by the Press and Information Department of the 
Government office says. 

