BFN 

  [Text] During this newscast, we have received a statement 
by the [words indistinct] of Information of the 
Bosnia-Herzegovina Interior Ministry. After the action of the 
NATO planes, carried out on 10 and 11 April against the 
artillery positions of the Serbian aggressor around Gorazde, the 
military police authorities of the so-called Srpska republic in 
Pale have made a decision to block all the access routes to 
Sarajevo and all road communications used by the UN peace forces. 
  By closing the checkpoints, the Serbian aggressor has 
thwarted the free movement of civilians -- stipulated in earlier 
agreements -- over the Brotherhood and Unity Bridge in Sarajevo 
and in the corridor toward Visoko. The Pale-imposed ban on 
movement also applies to all members and vehicles of the UN 
Protection Forces [UNPROFOR] and international humanitarian 
organizations, which annuls and violates all agreements on the 
establishment of special routes for the members of the UN peace 
forces, which in turn directly threatens their basic role and 
narrows the scope of their engagement to the territory under the 
control of the Bosnia-Herzegovina Army. UNPROFOR members 
continue to move freely in these areas. This act of the Serbian 
aggressor implies his readiness to continue with repressive 
measures and threats to the civilian population in Sarajevo, as 
well as in the other Bosnia-Herzegovina towns that, by decision 
of the UN Security Council, have been proclaimed safe havens. 

