Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The Haitian private sector is threatened with ruin. 
The president of the Chamber of Commerce of Haiti has rung the 
alarm bell in face of the economic situation and asks the 
presidents of the two branches of the legislature to make the 
necessary decisions to correct the situation. 
  In a letter addressed to Senator Firmin Jean-Louis and to 
Deputy Frantz Robert Monde, [Chamber of Commerce President] 
Raymond Roy has solicited the intervention of Parliament in 
order to defend the private sector in the face of the serious 
situation. The Chamber of Commerce strongly fears that the 
private, commercial and industrial sector, which has already 
deeply suffered from the embargo's damage, is facing complete 
ruin, writes the president of the institution. Mr. Roy, who 
states that the chamber is concerned over the acute problem of 
scarcity of cash, thinks that it is the Parliament's duty to 
intervene when the public interest is threatened and to defend 
that interest. The president of the Chamber of Commerce pleads 
for the elimination of the system of a monetary ceiling, which 
is an anachronism. 
  Why do we continue to experience an archaic system which 
blocks the country's economic development and increases the 
financial risks, asks Mr. Roy? Warning that a new increase in 
the ceiling would only deepen the problem and postpone the real 
solution, the president of the Chamber of Commerce writes: The 
nation's economic forces are anxiously hoping that the two 
chambers of Parliament will prove to the entire country that 
they can stay on the sidelines, putting aside narrow political 
interests, and make the necessary decision to save the country's 
economic and financial infra- structure. 

