Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Seoul, March 9 (YONHAP) -- President Kim Yong-sam 
thanked Romanian President Ion Iliescu Wednesday for his 
country's help in attempting to resolve the North Korean nuclear 
issue. Speaking at a banquet for the Romanian head of state 
Wednesday night, President Kim expressed hope that Bucharest 
will continue to support and encourage Seoul in its efforts to 
achieve peaceful unification of the Korean peninsula. Iliescu 
arrived in Seoul earlier in the day and held a summit meeting 
with President Kim. 
  "I was pleased to note that in the summit meeting, we 
confirmed the fact that the friendly cooperative relationship 
between our two nations has steadily progressed in all fields," 
Kim said. "In particular, our businesses are venturing into 
Romania, a very encouraging sign for the promotion of 
substantial cooperation between our two countries," he said. 
  An aviation accord to be signed Thursday by South Korea and 
Romania and a double taxation avoidance agreement taking effect 
this year will ensure that bilateral relations become firmer and 
more mature, Kim said. 
  Romanian President Iliescu, in his table speech, expressed 
admiration for the Korean people having succeeded against all 
hardships to defend and maintain their national identity and 
having made their valuable contribution to the enrichment of 
universal culture. He said the "Korean miracle," which he said 
is a source of inspiration for other countries, was the result 
of persistent efforts, enterprising spirit and skill of the 
Korean people. "The Romanian people have fought all along their 
troubled history against foreign domination, in defence of their 
national identity, and to conquer and protect the independence 
of their country," he said. 

