CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Catherine Pegard] </F>
  [Editorial Report] Jack Lang is not talking about it, but 
is preparing for it. At a time when the idea of compelling 
[Socialist Party leader] Michel Rocard to drop out of the 
presidential race if his scores are bad in the European 
Parliament elections is attractive to all those who do not 
believe in him, many would like to push former Culture Minister 
Jack Lang onto the arena. He is receiving letters and telephone 
calls, and he is being pressured. For his part, Lang is 
reflecting. Seriously. He is traveling (he was recently in the 
United States), and is multiplying contacts to "acquire renewed 
energy," as he puts it. 
  The reasoning is simple: if [European Commission President] 
Jacques Delors persists in not returning to the French political 
game--the two men recently had a long conversation about the 
presidential election--Lang's popularity may be a trump card. In 
the latest PARIS MATCH/BVA [Brulle Ville Associates] poll, 41 
percent of the French said they trusted him (compared with 43 
percent for Delors, 28 percent for Rocard). Some of Lang's 
friends also note that Bernard Tapie reportedly affirmed that in 
this case, he himself would not run in 1995. Others are already 
outlining scenarios for the second round: they would prefer that 
Lang face [Prime Minister] Edouard Balladur rather than [Rally 
for the Republic leader] Jacques Chirac. 

