Language: <F P=105> Persian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed commentary from "The World Today"] </F>
  [Text] The truce among the conflicting mojahedin forces in 
Kabul lasted only 36 minutes. The truce was signed so that the 
[words indistinct] could leave the city, where heavy fighting 
was taking place. Reports from the Afghan capital indicate that 
many Kabul residents also exploited the truce and thousands of 
people left their homes to save their lives. 
  Since the beginning of 1994 when the battles started, 
hundreds have been killed and thousands wounded. The battles in 
Kabul are among pro-Rabbani armed forces, a coalition of 
voluntary Afghan Uzbek forces led by General Dostam, and 
military groups led by Prime Minister Hekmatyar. The [words 
indistinct] is that the national majority of the [words 
indistinct] are Tajiks. There were [words indistinct] on this 
before. [Word indistinct] that observers say that in the past, 
after Marxist rule, Afghan society faced more [word indistinct] 
ethnic differences, but these differences have now been 
transformed into an overt conflict. 
  General Dostam was a member of the central committee of the 
former ruling party in Afghanistan during Najibollah's rule and 
was the sworn enemy of Hekmatyar, who is a Pushtun nationalist 
and fundamentalist. Hekmatyar called Dostam a communist and 
[words indistinct] the radical Marxist regime in Kabul. 
  [Words indistinct] the coalition forces tried to infiltrate 
[name indistinct] region along Kabul river in the northeast of 
the city. Earlier, forces loyal to the president forced 
Dostam's men out of this area. The two sides used the air force 
several times. Dostam's aircraft heavily bombed the presidential 
palace and Kabul television. Bomber jets loyal to the president 
bombed the Bala Hesar stronghold of Dostam's forces and areas 
around the [word indistinct]. 
  Due to the chaos in Kabul and the absence of contacts, no 
reports have been received on the number of casualties, but it 
is clear the number is high. The whereabouts of the head of the 
Afghan Government are not clear. Some say he remains in the 
presidential palace, but Hekmatyar's spokesmen say he has fled 
Kabul. 
  UN representatives in Pakistan are continuing their efforts 
to reconcile the belligerent forces. 

