BFN 

  [Text] President Kim Yong-sam said yesterday that South 
Korea and the United States are determined to resolutely deal 
together with any threat to freedom and peace on the Korean 
peninsula in particular and in Northeast Asia in general, 
including the North Korean nuclear issue. 
  Doing so is the "best way to make the sacrifices of U.S. 
military personnel in the cause of freedom and democracy even 
more invaluable," Kim said in a message he sent to officers and 
men and women of the U.S. Forces Korea on the occasion of the 
U.S. Memorial Day yesterday. 
  He said that the Korean people will never forget the fact 
that so many brave American service members sacrificed 
themselves to help defend freedom in Korea against the Communist 
aggressors. 
  "Today, democracy, freedom and a free-market economy are all 
flourishing in the Republic of Korea, and this fact is widely 
regarded as representing the most illustrious success story of 
American idealism abroad," he said. 
  "Its abundant fruit is being shared not only by our two 
countries but also by the world at large," the President 
stressed. 
  He went on, "The bonds of alliance between the Republic of 
Korea and the United States have been cemented with blood and 
tears. This means that we are, and will long remain, close and 
trusted friends." 
  Praying for the souls of the numerous American service 
members, the President said, "On behalf of our people, I extend 
wholehearted encouragement and boundless trust to all members of 
the U.S. Forces Korea and wish all of you good health and 
well-being." 

