BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Dmitriy Mikhaylin: "What Are You To Be Called </F>
Now?"] 
  [Text] Kazan -- Farid Mukhametshin, chairman of the 
Supreme Council of the Republic of Tatarstan, has sent Boris 
Mironov, chairman of the Russian Committee for the Press, a 
letter protesting at "the Russian mass media's arbitrary use of 
the name of the Republic of Tatarstan." The letter stated that, 
in accordance with the constitutions of Russia and Tatarstan, 
the republic should be called precisely Tatarstan, and not 
Tataria. In the republic Supreme Council chairman's opinion, 
Tataria is associated with the traditions of the past decades of 
Soviet Tataria, when official ideology and toponymy took no 
account of the national peculiarities of the peoples living on 
Russia's territory. 
  Boris Mironov's letter in reply to this states: This 
question has no bearing on the problems of sovereignization or 
respect for national dignity. In this instance it is a question 
only of the conformity with linguistic laws of old names which 
are an organic part of the Russian language and to which the 
population is accustomed. 
  The reply goes on to state that official materials published 
in the press must use the names adopted at state level by each 
republic or state taken separately -- which also applies in full 
to the Republic of Tatarstan. The Russian Committee for the 
Press intends, for its part, to promote precisely this approach 
in press practice. 

