Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Johannesburg Jan 26 SAPA -- People's forums could be 
institutionalised under an African National Congress [ANC] 
government, ANC spokesman Dr. Pallo Jordan said on Wednesday. 
He was addressing the press in Johannesburg where he promised 
an "American-style" launch for the organisation's election 
manifesto on Saturday, the day before ANC President Nelson 
Mandela hits the western Transvaal election trail. 
  Dr. Jordan said people's forums could become a feature of an 
ANC government and not just the organisation's election drive. 
"Most times, folks in this country get talked at by 
politicians. It's unusual for politicians to be talked at by 
ordinary folks on the ground. As a form of participation 
democracy we think we have pioneered something which could be 
institutionalised in the future, both as a measure of 
encouraging interaction between government and popular people, 
and also as a form of accountability." 
  On Saturday's manifesto launch at Nasrec [convention center] 
near Johannesburg, Mr Jordan said the occasion would be 
"American-style" with the fanfare, but "unlike an American 
launch, it will provide food for thought". 
  Mr Mandela will travel to Rustenberg, Stilfontein, 
Potchefstroom and Ikageng on Sunday and Monday before visiting 
his old Victor Verster Prison near Cape Town from where he will 
go to a nearby stadium to light a flame of freedom. 
  The ANC leader, accompanied by other Rivonia trialists, will 
also revisit Robben Island on February 11 to mark the fourth 
anniversary of Mr Mandela's release from prison. 
  On Friday next week the ANC leader will resume the election 
trail in the Orange Free State where he will visit Sasolburg, 
Bothaville, Kroonstad, Odendaalsrus, Thabong and the national 
peacekeeping force base at De Brug near Bloemfontein. 

