Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By G. Nikolayev, V. Myznikov, M. Faytelberg; from the </F>
"Vesti" newscast] 
  [Text] [Nikolayev over video of open-cut coal mine] The 
Borodinskiy open-cut coal mine in Krasnoyarsk Kray is operating 
"in a state of anxious anticipation," so to speak. The term 
"strike" is no longer used here, as it has been banned by law. 
But nobody can outlaw the fact that as of 1 February the 
dispatch of fuel to persistent debtors will be suspended. The 
Krasnoyarsk Kray leadership, in a bid to recover billions in 
outstanding debts, has obtained certain allowances for its own 
region. However, the consumers -- heat and electric power 
stations and boiler houses in Novosibirsk and Irkutsk Oblasts 
and in Altay and Khabarovsk Krays -- are faced with the choice 
of either paying up or going without. As of February that means 
cutting electricity and heat supplies to industrial enterprises 
first of all, and then to the domestic sector. A state 
commission visiting the Borodinskiy open-cut coal mine was 
convinced of the justice of the coal workers' basic demands: 
Payment arrears will ultimately bring extraction to a halt, 
because equipment is not being repaired and it is deteriorating. 
Coal sector workers believe that only Moscow can unravel this 
complex financial knot. [Video shows work at the open-cut mine, 
machinery, production processes] 

