BFN 

  [Text] Foreign Minister Faruq al-Shar' has said Israel's 
aggression yesterday against Lebanese cities and villages, which 
claimed the lives of more than 45 martyrs and left more than 80 
wounded, is an attempt to shift from the climate of peace to a 
climate of war and liquidation, in a bid to evade a commitment 
to UN resolutions, international legitimacy, and international 
law. 
  Addressing the closing session of the 11th ministerial 
conference of the foreign ministers of the Nonaligned Movement 
[NAM] today, al-Shar' said the NAM countries are eager to foster 
the success of international efforts to achieve a just and 
comprehensive peace in the Middle East on the basis of Security 
Council resolutions, international legitimacy, and the 
land-for-peace principle. 
  The foreign minister said the Israeli attacks and Israel's 
preoccupation with attacking Arab parties involved in the peace 
process is clear evidence of its aggressive intentions to kill 
the available opportunity to achieve peace. 
  Al-Shar' asked the conference to demonstrate solidarity with 
the Lebanese people and government and the Lebanese people's 
right to self-defense by using all available means -- a right 
guaranteed by the UN Charter. 
  The foreign minister wondered if some people think this 
Israeli aggression is directed against a certain party or 
country or a neighboring country in order to embarrass a 
particular country. Al- Shar' said this aggression is directed 
against the international community as a whole, and particularly 
against the cosponsors of the peace process, the United States 
and Russia, more than it is directed against Lebanon, Syria, or 
the NAM. 
  The foreign minister called on the NAM to raise its voice 
and 
issue a decision condemning the criminal aggression carried out 
by Israel yesterday so Israel understands that it cannot fool 
the world by its claims that it is working for peace at a time 
when it is pushing the region to the brink of war. 
  Al-Shar' concluded that he was confident that the conference 
will reassert its solidarity with the Lebanese people, calling 
for issuing a decision that strongly condemns Israel's actions. 
He said the ministerial conference should ask the Security 
Council and the two sponsors of the peace process in particular 
to work to stop the Israeli aggression and save the peace 
process. 

