BFN 

  [Text] Foreign Minister Faris Buwayz has commented on a 
proposal by UN Secretary General Dr. Butrus Butrus-Ghali to 
mediate between Lebanon and Israel to resolve the issue of 
Mustafa al-Dirani. He said: A mediation between Lebanon and 
Israel on such an issue makes it appear that Lebanon recently 
kidnapped an Israeli citizen. However, the truth of the matter 
is that navigator Ron Arad disappeared after conducting an air 
raid over the Lebanese territories during the war. Hence, he is 
not being detained by the Lebanese state, contrary to al-Dirani, 
who was kidnapped by a state at a time when there was no war. 
  Buwayz added: We have requested that the UN secretary 
general investigate the case of over 350 Lebanese nationals who 
are being detained in Israeli jails. So far, no international 
or humanitarian organization has been permitted to visit them 
and be reassured about their fate. A number of these detainees 
have died as a result of bad treatment. Hence, if the United 
Nations is in such a hurry to play its political role, we hope 
it will at least play its humanitarian role. Talking about 
human rights with often empty slogans and during resonant 
conferences and showing interest in this issue brings to the 
surface the UN's delay in sending an investigation committee to 
look into the issue of those detainees. 

