BFN 

  [Text] This morning, the Guangzhou City Intermediate 
People's Court announced the execution of criminal Ma Wengui and 
five other criminals whose death sentences and life-long 
deprivation of political rights had been confirmed by the 
provincial higher people's court. The six convicted drug 
traffickers were taken to an execution ground where they were 
shot in the head. 
  On 30 April, 1993, criminal Ma Guoying bought heroin in 
Yunnan and smuggled it into Guangzhou where he joined criminal 
Ma Wengui, who was looking for a buyer in the city. On 9 May, 
1993, Ma Wengui and Ma Guoying were caught red-handed by police 
while selling some 4,900 grams of heroin to a buyer in a 
Guangzhou hotel. Ma Wengui and Ma Guoying were later sentenced 
to death and deprived of political rights for life. 
  In April, 1992, criminals Mo Wenjian and Wei Jiping smuggled 
1,050 grams of heroin from Nanning into Guangzhou where they 
gave it to criminal Zheng Nanye, who was looking for a buyer in 
the city. On afternoon of 7 April, the three criminals were 
caught red-handed by police when Mo Wenjian and Wei Jiping went 
to collect money from Zheng Nanye who had just sold the heroin. 
Both Mo Wenjian and Wei Jiping were sentenced to death and 
deprived of political rights for life. Zheng Nanye was 
sentenced to life imprisonment and deprived of political rights 
for life. 
  In 1989, criminal Ma Zuohua bought 12,000 grams of heroin in 
Chengdu and asked another person to take it to Guangzhou by 
plane. Ma later on received $50,000 HOng Kong dollars for his 
role in the deal. Ma Zuohua was sentenced to death and deprived 
of political rights for life. 
  In November, 1992, criminal Li Feng bought 4,000 grams of 
heroin in Yunnan and smuggled it into Guangzhou where he sold 
more than 1,700 grams of heroin to others. He was arrested by 
police later on. Li was sentenced to death and deprived of 
political rights for life. 

