BFN 

  [Text] In connection with the Middle East, President Yasir 
'Arafat continues his consultations to complete the names of the 
team of his government, which will assume power in the occupied 
territories during the transitional period. 
  The establishment of Palestinian authority comes in 
implementation of the self-rule agreement in Gaza and Jericho, 
which was signed on Wednesday last [4 May]. 
  In fact, the Palestinian president is today expected to 
continue his consultations, which are mainly concentrated on the 
list of names from inside the occupied territories who will 
occupy 12 specific posts in the autonomous Palestinian 
government. 
  Palestinian President Yasir 'Arafat held a meeting in Tunis 
last night with members of the Fatah Central Committee, the 
largest of the PLO, to discuss preparations for the handover of 
self-rule authority in the Gaza Strip and Jericho. 
  This meeting complements 'Arafat's meeting with the 
Palestinian leadership yesterday morning, which lasted for six 
hours. These meetings have particularly concentrated on putting 
down the final formation of the national authority council, 
headed by 'Arafat, and includes 12 members from inside the 
occupied territories and a similar number from abroad. 
  Palestinian sources say that the Fatah Central Committee has 
appointed -- during a meeting held at the end of this week in 
Tunis -- five of its members to take part in the self-rule 
authority in the Gaza Strip and Jericho. 
  Palestinian observers believe that President 'Arafat is 
currently facing difficulties in selecting the team of his 
government because he wants this choice to take into account all 
the political, geographical, or tribal balances. 
  It remains to point out that the self-rule agreement, signed 
in Cairo on Wednesday last, stipulates for the establishment of 
Palestinian authority on 25 May instantly, and stipulates on 
informing Israel of the Palestinian formation that will assume 
power. 

