Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Seoul, March 10 (YONHAP) -- Han Chu-sok, former Air 
Force chief of staff, was released from jail Thursday as the 
Seoul High Court, taking his confession into account, commuted 
his sentence to a suspended three-year term plus a fine of 160 
million won. 
  The retired general had been condemned to five years' 
imprisonment and a fine of 160 million won at a lower court 
after being convicted of taking bribes in connection with Yulgok 
military modernization projects. 
  Presiding Judge Ko Hyon-chol said the court was commuting 
his 
sentence after finding that his voluntary appearance before the 
prosecution and confession to graft, even though it was not 
fully detailed, was tantamount to self-surrender. 
  He thus became the fifth of seven senior military officers, 
accused last spring of alleged graft related to the Yulgok 
project and promotion in the military, to be released with a 
suspended sentence in the appellate court in light of their 
confessions. 
  Four others are former Defense Minister Yi Chong-ku, former 
Naval Operations Chief of Staff Gen. Kim Chol-u, former Air 
Force Chief Chong Yong-hu and former Marine Corps Commandant Cho 
Ki-yop. 
  Of the two others, former Defense Minister Yi Sang-hun was 
released on suspended sentence in a lower court. Only former 
Chief of Naval Operations Kim Chong-ho remains jailed after 
being sentenced to three years' imprisonment at his appeal. 

