BFN 

  [Text] An Iranian arrested as a prime suspect in connection 
with the foiled terrorist truck bomb plot in March was yesterday 
picked out from a police line-up by six of the seven witnesses 
present, police said. 
  Meanwhile, Police Director General Police General Prathin 
Santipraphop has issued an order dated June 3 for police to 
intensively monitor people suspected to have links with 
international terrorist groups and to tighten security for 
embassies, certain schools, and other key establishments 
following the arrest. 
  Six witnesses were brought one at a time for the 
identification at Lumpini police station and all of them 
independently singled out Hossein Shahriari Far from among seven 
Middle Eastern men presented by police, said South Bangkok 
Metropolitan Police Deputy Commander Police Colonel Dutsadi 
Chaiyanam. 
  The seventh witness, the owner of the company from which the 
truck used to carry the explosives was rented, did not 
participate, saying he had not dealt directly with the man who 
rented the vehicle, but let his employees handle the matter. 
  Far, 26, was arrested last Friday in Hat Yai district, 
Songkhla Province, on charges of murder and illegal possession 
of explosives. Three other Iranians are being held for 
questioning in the same case. 
  The arrest was made more than 10 weeks after police found a 
metric ton of deadly explosive mixture made from C4 plastic 
explosive and ammonium nitrate-based fertilizer in a water tank 
on the back of a six-wheel truck abandoned less than a kilometer 
from the Israeli Embassy after the driver hit a taxi motorcycle. 
  The vehicle rental company employee who delivered the truck 
to the renters was killed and dumped into the explosive-filled 
tank. 
  The taxi motorcyclist who was engaged in the road accident 
that fortunately averted the planned sabotage yesterday 
identified Far as the driver of the truck which hit his 
motorcycle, said Dutsadi. 

