Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By reporter Jin Ruiyong (6855 3843 8673): "The Second </F>
Session of the Eighth Regional People's Congress Opens" ] 
  [Text] Over 500 people's deputies from the south to the 
north of Tian Shan, laden with the expectations of the people of 
all nationalities, congregated at the Xinjiang People's Hall 
yesterday morning to raise the curtains for the second session 
of the eighth regional people's congress, with reform, 
development, and stability as the theme. 
  Permanent Presidium Chairman Amudun Niyaz served as the 
executive chairman. Other permanent presidium chairmen who also 
served as executive chairmen and were seated in the front row on 
the rostrum were Song Hanliang, Tomur Dawamat, Xie Fuping, 
Herdebai, Yusufu Muhanmode, Turbayim, Xu Peng, Ma Cunliang [7456 
1317 0081], Xie Hong, Hu-ji-han Ha-ke-mo-fu [5170 0679 3352 0761 
0344 5459 1133], A-mi-na A-pa-er [7093 4717 1226 7093 1584 
1422], and Maimaiti Ismail. 
  At 0830 after the national anthem was played, Amudun Niyaz 
declared the session open. Entrusted by the regional people's 
government, Acting Chairman Abulaiti Abudurexiti delivered a 
report on the government's work. 
  In the report, Abulaiti Abudurexiti first reviewed the work 
in 1993. He said: Last year, Xinjiang achieved notable results 
in reform and opening up, economic construction, and work in 
other fields of endeavor. We reaped bumper harvests in 
agriculture and animal husbandry for the 16th year in a row; 
achieved sustained growth in industrial and transport 
production; made advances in capital construction, mainly in 
infrastructure and basic industries; expanded economic relations 
and trade with foreign countries; accelerated the pace of 
reforming the economic structure; developed science and 
technology, education, culture, public health, sports, and other 
social undertakings in an all-round manner; and maintained and 
safeguarded the sound social and political environment. However, 
we also saw problems in our economic development, such as the 
lack of stamina for further development of agriculture, slow 
readjustment of industrial production and product mix, failure 
to fulfill the targeted growth rate, high price rises, financial 
strains, and slow transformation of government functions. 
  In light of the problems, Abulaiti Abudurexiti set forth the 
future tasks in the following two fields: striving to develop 
the regional economy with high speed and efficiency, and 
persisting in "grasping the two links at the same time" for 
promoting all-round social progress. For the former, the tasks 
are: accelerating the development of agriculture and rural 
economy to increase incomes of peasants and herdsmen; promoting 
industrial and transport production and raising economic 
efficiency in all fields; strengthening infrastructure and the 
construction of basic industries to build up stamina for further 
development; energetically cultivating the market system; 
promoting fiscal and taxation reforms; opening up Xinjiang wider 
to the outside world; increasing foreign trade by a bigger 
margin; accelerating advances in science, technology, and 
education to promote economic development; doing everything 
possible to raise the standards of living and solve practical 
problems for the masses; and revitalizing the Xinjiang 
Production and Construction Corps by utilizing its merits. For 
the latter, the tasks are: continuing to ensure stability to 
create sound social milieus for reform and development; 
intensifying the construction of spiritual civilization and 
fostering a forward-looking mentality; actively and yet 
prudently advancing the reform of political system; further 
emancipating the minds; and striving to improve work style. 
  In the concluding part of his report, Abulaiti Abudurexiti 
said: This year will be crucial for promoting reform in all 
fields in Xinjiang, and we are facing arduous but glorious 
tasks. We must earnestly implement the guidelines of the Third 
Plenary Session of the 14th CPC Central Committee and the Sixth 
Plenary (Enlarged) Session of the Fourth Xinjiang Regional CPC 
Committee; and, based on Xinjiang's advantages, seize the 
opportunity, deepen reform, open up Xinjiang wider to the 
outside world, and develop the regional economy through 
readjusting structure and improving efficiency. Meanwhile, we 
should adhere to the party's basic line, unite and rely on the 
people of all nationalities, work with one heart and one mind to 
resolutely pioneer reforms, and strive to establish a socialist 
market economic structure and developing Xinjiang's economy with 
fast speech and high efficiency. 
  The session also heard reports by Su Yongguang, chairman of 
the regional planning commission, on the implementation of the 
1993 plan for regional economic and social plan and the 1994 
plan (draft); and by Gong Jinniu, director of the regional 
Finance Department, on the implementation of the 1993 regional 
budget and the 1994 draft budget. 
  Other officials seated on the rostrum at yesterday's opening 
were Janabil, Wang Lequan, Keyum Bawudun, Guo Gang, Zhou Guofu, 
Hailiqiemu Silamu, Li Fengzi, Abdurehim Amiti, Wang Yousan, 
Wu-fu-er A-bu-du-la [0710 3940 1422 7093 0008 6757 2139], Li 
Donghui, Aisihaiti Kelimubai, Zhang Heng, Mijiti Nasier, Feng 
Dazhen, Yiblayan Rouzi, Mao Dehua, Di-ya-er Ku-ma-shi [6611 7161 
1422 1655 7456 0087], Wen Kexiao, Wang Shizhen, Han Youwen, 
Su-lai-yi-man [5685 0171 5902 2581], Sha Ming, A-rong-han-a-ji 
[7093 2837 3063 7093 0679], Pa-xia Yi-xia [1584 1115 0181 1115], 
Rouzi Wushouer, and Ismail Mahsut. 
  Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference regional 
committee members attending its second session, and some 
component members of the regional people's government observed 
the opening session. 

