CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Cand. Tech. Sci. N. M. Kurnosov, Cand. Tech. </F>
Sci. V. V. Pevzner, Cand. Tech. Sci. A. G. Ulanov, and Engineer 
Ye. A. Yakhin, Scientific Research Institute of Thermal 
Instruments; UDC 62-5.681.2] 
  [Abstract] As the lead organization, the Scientific 
Research Institute of Thermal Instruments is developing the 
Kvint computer system for computerizing the engineering 
processes at heat-and- electric power stations. Kvint represents 
one of the first functionally complex domestic systems of its 
kind and computerizes the collection and preliminary processing 
of information, engineering process control, logic-program 
control, priority control, locking, online control, alarming, 
information archival, event recording, calculations offline, and 
information transfer. The system is based on a problem-oriented 
approach, distributed automatic control, centralized monitoring, 
object-oriented control, production programming, self-diagnosis 
and sample redundancy, and project configuration. Kvint has a 
four-level architecture -- field, controller, systems, and 
production -- each level of which uses its own local network or 
several similar networks. The development is proceeding in two 
stages, with design bureaus from Ivano-Frankovsk, Cheboksary, 
and Moscow taking part. The Moscow- based All-Russian 
Heat-Engineering Institute is developing the hardware 
requirements for the Seriya 200, the first stage of the 
development. Figures 3. 


