Language: <F P=105> German </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Wolfgang Schaeuble, chairman of the CDU/CSU </F>
Bundestag group, by Klaus-Peter Siegloch in Bonn on 20 March -- 
recorded] 
  [Text] [Siegloch] Mr. Schaeuble, the Christian Democratic 
Union [CDU] defeat in Hannover showed that the results of the 
polls were rather close to those of the elections. The CDU is 
currently getting somewhere around 35 percent nationwide. How 
and when do you want to turn the trend around for the elections 
in October? 
  [Schaeuble] First of all, it is important that we have made 
good progress with our policy. The German mark is stable, the 
economy is recovering again. This will also have an effect on 
the labor market, even though with a certain delay. We have 
made good progress with European unification; internal security 
is improving. Now we have to make the people aware of all these 
successes. These successes must become clearer. We are working 
on that. 
  [Siegloch] You have only seven months left. 
  [Schaeuble] Yes, but the polls have improved over the past 
months, even though they are not yet good. If they continue to 
improve by two percentage points per month over the next few 
months, we will get quite a good election result. 
  [Siegloch] What is your target corridor? Do you say 40 or 
41 percent? 
  [Schaeuble] No. Just do some calculations. We are now at 
about 35 percent, we have another seven months with 2 percent 
each -- that adds up to quite a good result. 
  [Siegloch] Then you would have the absolute majority. This 
is utopia. 
  [Schaeuble] I do not want to frighten anyone. But, of 
course, we have the expectations of getting clearly above 40 
percent. Then we will have a majority for the continuation of 
the coalition. 
  [Siegloch] However, on this certainly difficult path you are 
not getting much help from the Free Democratic Party of Germany 
[FDP] at the moment. The FDP is plagued by existential fear, 
and they even hesitate to make a clear coalition statement for 
the benefit of the CDU/Christian Social Union [CSU]. Would it 
not be time to do that, in your view? 
  [Schaeuble] If we present the successes of our joint work 
together and continue to work cohesively for them, which the 
voters, who gave us the assignment of government, expect from 
us, the voters will reward the CDU/CSU and the FDP. I am quite 
sure of that. Lower Saxony shows that uncertainty about the 
future path is most disastrous for the FDP. Therefore, I would 
always advise jointly advocating the cohesiveness of the 
coalition during this legislative period and beyond that. This 
is most convincing. 
  [Siegloch] This means that you expect a statement on the 
coalition soon? 
  [Schaeuble] I would advise the FDP not to let uncertainty 
grow any further. This can only be to the detriment of the FDP, 
and we are not interested in that. 
  [Siegloch] Also regarding the presidential elections, the 
FDP might clarify the matter beforehand, but it deliberately 
keeps all avenues open. What is going to happen? Will Helmut 
Kohl throw the FDP out of the coalition if Johannes Rau is 
elected president with the votes of the FDP? 
  [Schaeuble] The question is so hypothetical that I can 
hardly think of an answer. I am quite confident that Roman 
Herzog will be elected. The FDP has put up Mrs. Hamm-Bruecher 
as a candidate. It is completely all right that it is 
advocating her election. If this is not successful, we will 
see. I am certain that the cohesiveness of the coalition will 
also be shown at the Federal Convention, and I am quite 
confident that Roman Herzog will be elected. 
  [Siegloch] Work, work, work -- with this program Rudolf 
Scharping wants to win the elections. Unemployment continues to 
rise in Germany. The voters no longer think that the coalition 
is competent to solve this most important issue. Obviously, the 
government plans have not been successful so far, at least they 
have not met with a positive response from the voters. Do you 
still have something new up your sleeve? 
  [Schaeuble] I would like to point out that things are 
improving in the polls. It is quite clear that we can achieve 
economic growth only by strengthening the leeway for private 
initiative and voluntary solidarity. We must rely on modern 
technology. All these are things that the Social Democratic 
Party of Germany [SPD] refuses. These things cannot be done 
with the SPD and the Greens at all. We do not need even higher 
taxes and fees, as the SPD demands, but we must gradually reduce 
the state quota again, which is our policy. 
  The alternatives are quite clear. If we continue to strangle 
the economy more and more, if we continue to restrict it, we 
will not have growth and we will not get additional jobs. We 
must rely on strengthening the growth forces, and this is the 
precondition for achieving our goal of creating work for 
everyone. This is what we are working for. 
  However, this cannot be achieved just by talking, but by 
specific decisions. And in this connection we always have the 
problem that the SPD reject such decisions in the Bundestag and 
try to block them with their majority in the Bundesrat. 
  [Siegloch] Let us see whether the voters are going to accept 
this message. Thank you very much, Mr. Schaeuble. 

