BFN 

<F P=106> [By Mario Esquivel] </F>
  [Text] Mexico City, 3 Jun (PL) -- The delegations attending 
the 20th council of the Latin American Economic System (SELA) 
adopted today a resolution that condemns the U.S. blockade 
against Cuba, which has been in effect for more than 30 years. 
  According to reports given by SELA sources to PRENSA LATINA, 
the decision is based on opinions already reflected in U.N. 
resolutions against the U.S. policy toward Havana. 
  In this regard, the SELA document urges the elimination of 
the restrictions against the island as its effects are 
detrimental to the Cuban population and it demands that 
unilateral actions, which are contradictory to the international 
economic and political situation, be suspended. 
  A few minutes before starting the ministerial phase of the 
20th council, SELA Permanent Secretary Salvador Arriola told 
PRENSA LATINA that the organization maintained its position to 
reject the blockade against Cuba, which it expressed two years 
ago when Washington approved the so-called Act For Democracy, 
also known as the Torricelli Law. 
  The text of the Latin American and Caribbean organization's 
resolution asserts the need to reaffirm, among other principles, 
the sovereign equality of states, non-interference in internal 
affairs, and freedom of trade and navigation, included in 
numerous international legal instruments. 
  Likewise, SELA's resolution highlights the appropriateness 
of 
strengthening commercial relations among the countries in the 
American hemisphere in adherence to the principle of freedom of 
trade and navigation. 
  Statistics reported by Havana indicate that the island has 
lost approximately $40 billion with the U.S. restrictions and 
its attempts to block commercial relations between the Cuban 
Government and foreign businessmen and institutions. 

