Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Virginie Robert: "Manufacturers: Third Year of </F>
Losses for SNI-France"] 
  [Text] After experiencing losses for three successive 
years, and with sales that have remained stable (at 1.8 billion 
French francs [Fr]) since its creation in October 1990, 
Siemens-Nixdorf France [SNI] continues its restructuring, hoping 
to achieve operational balance in 1994-1995. 
  Although it set up three lines of development already in 
1991 
(open systems, microcomputers, and migration solutions), 
SNI-France still fails to derive any benefit from its strategy. 
At the end of September, the French subsidiary closed its 
1992-1993 fiscal year with a net loss of Fr446 million, which 
includes an operational loss of Fr201 million (exclusive of 
restructuring costs). In 1991-1992, the operational loss was 
Fr236 million. According to Kurt Hollederer, general director of 
SNI-France, last fiscal year's results are "in line with 
objectives," even though 506 employees were laid off over two 
years, and they led him to forecast a net loss of Fr400 million 
in 1993-1994. The company now employs 1,675 people, compared 
with 2,497 in 1990. 
  Contrary to its competitors, SNI, which relies on the 
industrial stature of its parent company, Siemens, does not 
attempt to expand its service activities. "Taking on the SSIIs 
[data-processing services and engineering companies] is of no 
great advantage," according to Kurt Hollederer. Thus, SNI-France 
will engage in system integration only as far as hardware is 
concerned (excluding application programs and networks) and it 
will get involved in facilities management only if it has a 
partner. More than ever, its marketing policy is geared to large 
accounts, leaving small to mid-size companies to a network of 
partners. 
  The better to attack its market, the French subsidiary was 
just reorganized into five divisions, which become profit and 
loss centers. Located in Haubourdin, the microcomputer division 
achieved sales of Fr 645 million in 1992-1993, including Fr385 
million in France, with 20,000 units sold. Other product 
divisions are in charge of high-performance printers (450 units 
installed in France, 7,000 worldwide) and point-of-sale 
terminals. In addition the division in charge of customer 
service (customer support and mixed hardware-base management) 
becomes one of SNI's five European support centers. As for the 
fifth entity, it is an expertise center dedicated to R/3, the 
management package running under Unix developed by the German 
publisher SAP, with which SNI has formed a strategic partnership. 

