BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, April 22 (XINHUA) -- Donors have 
contributed more than 600,000 yuan to a Beijing foundation that 
offers awards to heroes who rush to help others whose lives are 
endangered. 
  An official from the "Beijing Courageous Deeds Foundation" 
announced here today that 13 donors, including several large 
companies, supermarkets and individuals, were honored at a 
gathering here. 
  He said that the foundation will award public heroes and 
underwrite life and accident insurance for them. It will also 
offer pensions for those seriously injured in performing their 
courageous deeds. 
  Established in November 1992, the foundation received its 
first donation of 200 yuan from Wang Shufen, a retired woman 
with the Beijing winery, who heard of the establishment of the 
organization over the radio. 
  So far, a total of 173 individuals and 26 companies have 
made 
donations to the foundation. Contributors include workers and 
doctors, from other parts of China as well as from Beijing. 
  In support of courageous spirits, the Beijing Municipal 
Government offers 100,000 yuan each year for the fund, said the 
official. 
  An elderly foreigner who has lived in Beijing for many years 
but is unwilling to reveal his name has made the largest 
individual contribution so far -- 10,000 yuan. 
  "I am old and cannot fight against the culprits with my own 
hands," he wrote in a letter, "but I can show my support for the 
spirit of courage through my donations." 

