CSO 

<F P=106> [Article Ding Ding (0002 0002): "Retail Sales Registered </F>
Highest Growth in 1993 -- Information from Ministry of Internal 
Trade"] 
  [Text] According to the latest information from the 
Ministry of Internal Trade, China's commodity market witnessed 
rapid growth and brisk vitality in 1993. The total value of 
retail sales reached 1,359.3 billion yuan in 1993, an increase 
of 23.6 percent over 1992, of which the total value of retail 
sales of consumer goods reached 1,223.7 billion yuan, up 26.1 
percent over 1992. This was the year of highest growth since 
1988. 
  A responsible comrade of the Ministry of Internal Trade 
pointed out that the entire commodity market was imbued with 
significant changes and that a large number of people were 
buying consumer goods of higher grades in 1993. 
  -- There are three stages of significant changes on the 
commodity market during 1993. The market was brisk in sales 
during the first half of the year with the rate of growth 
increasing by each month. The total value of retail sales during 
the first quarter of 1993 rose by 16.2 percent and that in June 
reached 28.4 percent as compared with the corresponding periods 
in 1992. The total value of retail sales fell since the 
beginning of the third quarter. It fell by 6.8 percent in 
September and 7.3 percent in October over the June figure. The 
total value of sales of consumer goods again rose since the 
beginning of November. The total value of retail sales in 
November 1993 rose by 22.9 percent and that of December by 35.3 
percent as compared with the corresponding month in 1992. 
  The gap between the total value of sales of commodities 
manufactured by enterprises of different economic groupings and 
in different districts had widened. The rate of growth of the 
total value of sales in coastal areas rose by more than 29 
percent, while that in inland provinces increased by 18 percent 
-- a difference of 11 percent. The rate of growth of the total 
value of sales in the urban market rose by 31.2 percent, while 
that at and below the county level increased by 19.5 percent -- 
a difference of 11.7 percent. In terms of economic groupings, 
the total value of retail sales of the state-owned economic 
sector rose by 18.9 percent, that of collectively owned economic 
sector by 16.4 percent, that of the joint ventures by 15 
percent, and that of the individual economic sector by 37.8 
percent. The total value of retail sales of the state-owned 
economic sector was 26.1 percent and 18.9 percent lower than 
that of the joint ventures and that of the individual economic 
sector respectively. 
  -- Urban and rural residents bought more consumer goods of 
higher grades. The urban and rural residents' income rose in 
general in 1993. They had notably bought more expensive consumer 
goods. They selected better food to eat, clothing of famous 
brands to wear and consumer goods of higher quality to use. They 
preferred nutritious and high-quality food which was good for 
their health. They consumed less staple food, while eating more 
non-staple food. In clothing, they cared new and fashionable 
styles and personal tastes. In consumer goods, they paid 
attention to famous brands, high-quality, extra functions and 
extra fine grades. They particularly loved to buy expensive 
durable consumer goods. 
  -- Most of the consumer goods are abundant in supply, while 
there was a shortage of farm and sideline products. According to 
a survey conducted by the Ministry of Internal Trade over 731 
varieties of commodities, 74 varieties of such commodities were 
in shortage, accounting for 10 percent of the total volume of 
commodities. This figures was 1.3 percent lower than that in the 
previous year. There is a slightly larger supply of manufactured 
goods for daily use than demand, and the supply of major staple 
and non-staple food is basically stable. However, the supply of 
commodities such as cotton, edible oil, sugar and pork was 
slightly tight. The main reason was that the output of cotton, 
rape seeds, sugar crops and other farm and sideline products 
dropped, and there were less hogs on hand. 
  -- Producer goods for farming are less marketable. However, 
there was a large-scale turn for the better at the end of 1993. 
The total value of retail sales of producer goods for farming 
reached 135.56 billion yuan, an increase of 5.2 percent as 
compared with 1992. However, the value of retail sales was 
actually down if price increases were taken into account. The 
total value of sales of chemical fertilizer dropped by 18.2 
percent, that of insecticide by 6.3 percent, and that of plastic 
films for farming by 24.9 percent. Tremendous changes took place 
on the market of producer goods for farming in December. The 
total value of retail sales of producer goods for farming 
reached 13.47 billion yuan during that month, marking an 
increase of 34.3 percent over the corresponding period in 1992 
and up nearly 30 percent over that in November. 
  -- Commodity prices rose on a fairly large scale. Residents 
were anticipating the price increases. 

