Language: <F P=105> German </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["sm"-signed report: "Federal Government Seeks EU </F>
Harmonization of Interest Taxation in 1994"] 
  [Excerpt] Bonn -- The Federal Government wants to 
harmonize the taxation of interest rates within the European 
Union [EU] by the second half of 1994 at the latest, Finance 
Minister Theo Waigel, Christian Social Union [CSU], told 
correspondents in Bonn. 
  The harmonizing of the taxation of interest rates is one of 
the goals that the Federal Government wants to implement in the 
second half of 1994 as a high priority. The finance minister 
rejected Bonn opposition demands for compensation for the tax on 
interest rates. Every regulation based on samples or supervision 
would lead to more of a substantial transfer of capital abroad 
than the current taxation at source. In addition, it is obvious 
that a form of European harmonization based on a relaxation of 
banking secrecy cannot be achieved. 
  Waigel warned Oskar Lafontaine, minister-president of 
Saarland, against condemning the Maastricht Treaty. Lafontaine 
said that in view of economic developments, the Maastricht 
Treaty cannot be adhered to. According to Waigel, statements to 
that effect could deprive European governments of the courage 
needed to achieve the observance of the criteria that have been 
agreed upon for participation in economic and monetary union. 
However, stressed the minister, it is obvious that adherence to 
stability criteria is more important than observing deadlines. 
[passage omitted] 

