Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Article by Elides J. Rojas] </F>
  [Text] Barquisimeto -- Students and police clashed in 
violent street disturbances in various parts of the city for the 
third consecutive day. The students stoned three vehicles, 
destroyed a vegetable market, burned tires, and threw stones. 
Police responded by throwing tear gas. 
  Most of the demonstrators were students at the city's high 
schools and at the technical-industrial school near Libertador, 
Vargas, and Los Abogados Avenues. This time, however, the 
demonstrations spread to other areas of downtown Barquisimeto, 
causing traffic jams. Local store owners decided to close their 
doors this morning to avoid further damage. 
  The students continued to protest the implementation of the 
half bus ticket fare. Miguel Parra, policy director of the 
regional executive, said demonstrators from other states were 
present and described them as professional rabble rousers. 
Three injured students were reportedly taken to Central 
Hospital emergency room, which is in an area where clashes have 
occurred. Access roads to the hospital have been closed, which 
has created problems for patients and hospital personnel, who 
have suffered the effects of tear gas. 
  The demonstrators vandalized a beer truck on Libertador 
Avenue and two public buses. Other groups looted a vegetable 
and fruit market. 
  In view of the violence -- already in its third day -- 
Professor Pablo Sanchez, director of the educational district, 
announced the suspension of classes in high schools that have 
been the focal points for disorder. The measure will be applied 
to all schools that become involved in demonstrations. 

