Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Tallinn, Jan 22, BNS -- The Estonian Minister of 
Justice, Kaido Kama, says information published by the media 
provides reasons to suspect that the representative of Russian 
radical nationalist leader Vladimir Zhirinovskiy's party in 
Estonia is engaged in activity aimed against Estonia's national 
interests. 
  A resident of the northeastern border town of Narva, Pyotr 
Rozhok, has identified himself as the representative of 
Zhirinovsky's misleadingly-named Liberal Democratic Party in 
Estonia. 
  "Concrete proof is needed to sanction legal action against 
Rozhok," Kama said. He added that a decision on Rozhok's 
possible arrest had to come from the country's Defense Police. 
  The minister said defense police officials first have to 
make 
sure if Rozhok really was a member of the Russian Liberal 
Democratic Party. 
  The director general of the Defense Police, Juri Pihl, told 
BNS Rozhok was having a membership card of the party. 
  "But we cannot claim with full confidence that he is the 
party's official representative in Estonia," Pihl said. He 
added that Zhirinovsky's party had a few dozens of members in 
Estonia. 
  The security police chief said Rozhok in his statements had 
voiced disrespectfulness toward the Estonian president, the 
government and members of the parliament. 
  "I cannot say if this is sufficient for initiating criminal 
proceedings," he said. 
  The chief spokesman for the Russian Liberal Democrats, 
Eduard 
Yermolayev, confirmed to BNS that Rozhok was the party's 
official representative in Estonia. 

