Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Circular issued by the Ministry of Foreign Economic </F>
Relations and Trade and the State Materials Supply Bureau on 7 
April 1987 announced by the Ministry of Foreign Trade and 
Economic Cooperation on 5 October 1993: "The Ministry of 
Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation Announces Circular 
Formulated by the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and 
Trade and State Materials Supply Bureau on the Strict 
Examination and Approval of Projects Using Foreign Capital To 
Retread Tires] 
  [Text] In recent years, the number of enterprises filing 
applications for utilizing foreign capital to run 
tire-retreading projects has increased, and a very large 
quantity of old tires are awaiting permission to be imported. 
According to preliminary statistics provided by a relevant 
department, there are 515 within-plan enterprises at fixed 
locations throughout the country specializing in retreading 
tires, and they can retread 5.74 million tires every year. They 
produced approximately 2.1 million retreads in 1986, only 
utilizing 37 percent of the capacity. The country can currently 
produce 17.62 million sets of new tires every year, while the 
actual need is only 15 million sets, so supply is greater than 
demand. 
  In light of the above-mentioned situation, we are asking the 
various departments to please observe strict rules. Except for 
the enterprises that export all the retreads, from now on, 
generally approval should not be granted to the establishment of 
Sino-foreign joint-venture enterprises and cooperative projects 
engaging in tire retreading, and jointly run enterprises that 
current exist should not be granted approval to expand their 
scales of operation and capacity. If a project is truly 
designed to achieve technological transformation, approval 
should be granted after the project has been reported to the 
relevant economic, trade, and commercial departments for 
examination and their approval has been secured. 
  Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade State 
Materials Supply Bureau 7 April 1987 

