Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, March 2 (XINHUA) -- China's fiscal reforms 
will enable the central government to have more financial 
resources to fund its ambitious plan to wipe out abject poverty 
by the year 2000, top economic officials said here today. 
  Speaking at a national conference on poverty reduction, Chen 
Yaobang, vice minister of the State Planning Commission, said 
that a sustained, healthy and rapid economic growth, together 
with the fiscal reform, will gradually increase the central 
government's financial ability to support poverty-reduction 
efforts. 
  There are enormous difficulties involved in abolishing 
poverty by raising the living standards of the 80 million 
Chinese residents who do not have enough food to eat or clothes 
to wear, the minister told several hundred officials from about 
20 ministries and local governments. 
  However, a growing economy and increasing awareness of the 
whole society of the importance of alleviating poverty and 
expanding international co-operation will contribute to the 
efforts, he said. 
  Vice Minister of Finance Li Yanling said that the fiscal 
reform is mainly designed by the central government to gradually 
increase its revenues, thus uplifting its ability for macro 
economic control. 
  To narrow the gap between the booming coastal regions and 
the 
central and western areas, from now on the central government 
will take the lion's share of the increased local revenues and 
give a considerable part of its share to poor areas, in the 
central and western regions and areas inhabited by minority 
nationalities, Li said. 
  He urged financial departments to increase their investment 
to the best of their ability in poverty-alleviation efforts. 
  The ministry has provided a total of 27 billion yuan for the 
nationwide poverty-reduction drive during the past 14 years. 

