CSO 

<F P=106> [International Affairs Department's commentary] </F>
  [Text] Undoubtedly, the bitterness of Mr. Dzikic's comments 
about Serbs results from the fact that for him they are enemies. 
Although from the standpoint of formal logic it is hard to 
disagree with much of what he said. It is true that the army, 
subordinated to Belgrade, had started the war in the former 
SFRY; it is true that Serbs plunder the territories they seize, 
and that Russia does not support the Muslims in the matter of 
lifting the embargo. But this is only one side of the coin. The 
other side is that there are no angels in the Balkans 
altogether: Muslim plunder, too, and the latest Serb actions 
near Gorazde (unquestionably aggressive) were in response to 
Muslim provocations (and this is an irrefutable fact). Neither 
can one overlook that the Serb aggression by itself (and this 
word is appropriate here) to a considerable extent had been 
prompted by the legal vulnerability of Serbs in different 
corners of the SFRY that disintegrated after Tito's death. At 
the same time, the West, in its hasty recognition of Bosnia and 
Croatia, only fanned the spark of great power designs in 
Belgrade. Neither is Russia without sin, having at first in a 
way played along with the anti-Serb policy of the West, but 
later taking a more balanced position. Today, however, the 
question is not who is more at fault, but how we can extinguish 
a war that threatens the security of entire Europe. To this, Mr. 
Dzikic does not have a positive answer. He is no exception, 
though. Nobody has this answer. 

