Language: <F P=105> Portuguese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Brasilia -- A day after asserting that he would no 
longer negotiate the approval of the FSE [Social Emergency Fund] 
with Congress, Finance Minister Fernando Henrique Cardoso agreed 
not to include the funds for salaries in the education field 
(amounting to $250 million this year) in the FSE. The agreement 
to leave part of the education funds that would have been held 
under the FSE with the Education Ministry was reached yesterday 
during a luncheon with the leaders of six political parties 
(PMDB [Brazilian Democratic Movement Party], PFL [Liberal Front 
Party], PSDB [Brazilian Social Democracy Party], PP [Popular 
Party], PTB [Brazilian Labor Party], and PL [Liberal Party]), 
and the coordinator of the constitutional revision, Nelson Jobim 
(PMDB-Rio Grande do Sul). 
  The agreement responds especially to the PMDB bloc, which 
assumed as its own the proposal by Education Minister Murilio 
Hingel, who was one of the first to protest the cuts to his 
budget. The governors were also interested in the negotiation 
because the money for salaries in the education field is 
distributed to the states, favoring the poorest ones. 
  This is not a defeat for the government, because the FSE 
still withholds $1 billion of the revenues which, according to 
the Constitution, should be earmarked for education. The 
government also promised that public housing this year will have 
the $500 million provided for in the budget. 

