BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with presidential candidate Leonid Kuchma by </F>
Enrico Franceschini; place and date not given: "Challenger: 
`Europe, Help Us'"] 
  [Text] Kiev -- As small as [President] Kravchuk is massive, 
Leonid Kuchma has based his election campaign on the defense of 
the rights of the huge Russian minority and on the support of 
the communists, for whom Ukraine's Russians vote almost 
unanimously. But if there is one label that sticks to him well, 
it is "missile man": For 20 years, until 1992, he was director 
of the world's largest strategic missile factory, at 
Dnepropetrovsk in central Ukraine. For this reason he enjoys 
the support of the Ukrainian military-industrial complex and has 
adopted a tougher line than his rival on possession of the 1,800 
nuclear missiles left in Ukraine after the end of the USSR. 
  [Franceschini] Would you have Parliament sign the nuclear 
nonproliferation treaty? 
  [Kuchma] If elected president, I will not press for a 
ratification vote. Ukraine's signing of that treaty depends on 
the honoring of the promises made to us by the United States and 
Russia: We were supposed to receive a billion dollars for 
dismantling the nuclear devices, but we have not yet seen a 
single cent or kopeck. So far we have heard nothing but words. 
When we see deeds, we will talk about the treaty again. 
  [Franceschini] What do you expect from Europe? 
  [Kuchma] Specific measures to cooperate with us, to show us 
what kind of Ukraine you want to have as a partner. Europe must 
realize that 90 percent of Ukrainians live in conditions of 
extreme poverty and that tragic events could happen here, as in 
the former Yugoslavia. 
  [Franceschini] What would your policy toward Russia be? 
  [Kuchma] Some 80 percent of our economy is integrated with 
Russia's. This alone is enough to explain why we need an 
economic union with Moscow. Ukraine must be not a cordon 
sanitaire between Russia and the rest of Europe, but a bridge 
between East and West. We are bound to Russia by thousands of 
historical and cultural ties. Conflict with Russia is solely to 
our detriment. Our two states are bound to maintain a close 
partnership -- like the United States and Canada, for instance. 
  [Franceschini] Are you in favor of the privatization of the 
economy? 
  [Kuchma] Yes, but privatization must be carried out under 
strict state control, otherwise it will merely serve to increase 
the wealth of the mafia's structures, which are already closely 
bound to our bureaucratic apparatus. Furthermore, it is 
necessary to allocate special funds to research, culture, and 
the poorest classes, starting with an increase in pensions. 
  [Franceschini] What is your vision of the Ukraine of 
tomorrow? 
  [Kuchma] A state in which those who work honestly can aspire 
to a better life than those who steal and waste the state's 
assets. 

