BFN 

<F P=106> [By reporter Guo Qinghua (6753 1987 5478) and correspondent </F>
Zhang Lixin (1728 4539 2450)] 
  [Text] Hefei, 24 Mar (XINHUA) -- Hefei city, which enjoys 
the reputation of "science and technology city," saw another 
addition to its scientific and technology landscape -- the 
recent opening of China's first Chinese and foreign-invested 
science and technology market. 
  The science and technology market was set up by the 
Development Company of the China University of Science and 
Technology to develop scientific and technological resources. 
The company has built a modern, first-class, and advanced Hefei 
Scientific and Technological Square, also called "east China's 
silicon valley," outside the China University of Science and 
Technology. More than 100 Chinese and foreign institutions 
engaged in application and development of high technology have 
rushed to establish branch offices here. 
  The development company took a new measure to develop and 
invigorate the scientific and technological market. It 
established a science and technology market fund, the first such 
fund in the country. In the first stage, it invested 20 million 
yuan in the market to accelerate the commercialization of 
scientific and technological products by giving support to 
projects undertaken by market members that have entered the 
middle stage of experimentation, to scientific research and 
development projects that have practical applications, and 
projects in need of urgent support. 

