Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article: "First Meeting of Joint Committee </F>
Deemed Success;" as released by Brussels TEXTLINE database] 
  [Text] "An exemplary meeting that holds promise for the 
future," were the words used by Nikolaus van der Pas, Chairman 
(on behalf of the European Union) of the Joint Committee of the 
European Economic Area (EEA), during the first half of 1994, to 
sum up the first meeting on Tuesday [11 January] of this body 
responsible for ensuring the administrative management of the 
EEA which came into force on 1 January 1994. This meeting 
essentially focused on the procedures for ensuring application 
of the treaty, in particular from the standpoint of the 
timetable for settling difficulties related to the "interim 
package" -- which Mr. Van der Pas said should enter into force 
"very quickly" --and pending matters (including plant health 
measures and transport, along with certain technical matters). 
Both parties also agreed to "integrate" the legislation adopted 
by the Community in coming weeks. The Community representatives 
at this meeting also informed the European Free Trade 
Association [EFTA] countries of the EC's interpretation of the 
EC "acquis" concerning the alcohol monopolies in the 
Scandinavian countries. This point of view was spelled out to 
two applicant countries, recalled Mr. Van der Pas, adding that, 
from Brussels' point of view, this interpretation was applicable 
within the EEA from 1 January. According to the Commission, 
responsibility for ensuring compliance with this approach is 
incumbent upon EEA monitoring authorities (the EC reserving the 
right to "sound the alarm"). It will be recalled that Norway 
has issued comments on its interpretation of the Community 
acquis in this area which, according to Finland's Ambassador 
Antti Stali, who chairs the EFTA party, point out that its 
amended legislation on the monopoly respects the agreement on 
the EEA. 

