BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with PLO Chairman Yasir 'Arafat by Wlodek </F>
Goldkorn and Dina Nascetti in Tunis; date not given: "We Will 
Live With the Jews. I Swear It" -- first paragraph is 
L'ESPRESSO introduction] 
  [Text] "I so much wish that Yitzhaq Rabin had the courage 
of Charles De Gaulle: Like Rabin, he was a general, he was the 
leader of a state, but he had the courage to withdraw France's 
troops from Algeria." This was said by PLO Chairman Yasir 
'Arafat. The modest house that is his headquarters in Tunis is 
receiving a constant stream of visits by delegations at present. 
Deputy Chief of Staff of the Israeli Army Amnon Shahaq; 
Clinton's Middle East envoy, Dennis Ross; his Russian 
counterpart, Viktor Possuvalik; and the Norwegian mediators -- 
all of them discussing the resumption of negotiations between 
the PLO and Israel, suspended following the massacre in the 
Hebron mosque five weeks ago. The Palestinian leader found time 
to grant the following exclusive interview to L'ESPRESSO: 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Mr. Chairman, the UN Security Council issued a 
very sharp criticism of Israel for what happened at Hebron. 
Does that resolution constitute a basis for a resumption of 
negotiations? 
  ['Arafat] It was an important step. Not only because of the 
criticism itself but, rather, because the resolution indicates 
specific measures to be adopted with respect to the armed 
Israeli settlers and recommends the presence of international 
observers in the occupied territories. Last, I would like to 
stress that the Security Council resolution talks about the 
responsibility of the sponsors of the Madrid conference for 
implementing the aforementioned measures. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] One of the sponsors of the Madrid conference, 
together with the United States, is Russia. Are you pleased 
that Russian diplomacy has returned to the Middle East scene? 
  ['Arafat] Look, we went to the Madrid peace conference in 
October 1991 precisely because it was called by two major powers 
-- the Soviet Union and the United States. Subsequently, 
Russia, heir to the USSR, was a joint-signatory of the 
Declaration of Principles signed in Washington 13 September 1993 
by Israel and the PLO. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] But because of its domestic problems, Russia 
has 
been out of international politics for months and months... 
  ['Arafat] That is not true. Russia has played a crucial role 
in Bosnia. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] But not in the Middle East. 
  ['Arafat] That is not true either. The Russians have played 
a most important role in the Middle East from the start of the 
peace process. And they have never abandoned it. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] The U.S. Government does not look favorably on 
Russia's return to the Middle Eastern scene. 
  ['Arafat] I see no evidence of that. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Do you see any evidence of the Vatican's having 
mobilized its diplomacy since the events at Hebron and the 
breaking off of the negotiations? 
  ['Arafat] Of course, I confirm it. In any case, I am in 
constant contact with the Vatican -- so much so that we have 
established a standing joint committee between the PLO and the 
Vatican. Furthermore, while Israeli Prime Minister Rabin was in 
Rome to meet with the pope, I received Monsignor Touran, the 
Vatican's foreign minister. We have always appreciated the 
Vatican's role and the pope's work in the Middle East. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Do you discuss the future of Jerusalem with the 
Vatican, too? 
  ['Arafat] Yes, of course. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] And what solution do you suggest for that city? 
  ['Arafat] Jerusalem must become the capital of two states -- 
Palestine and Israel. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] The Israelis say that a city cannot have this 
dual role. 
  ['Arafat] Why not? Is Rome not the capital of two states? 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Mr. Chairman, you were expected in Jericho at 
the end of last December... 
  ['Arafat] I am not here because I want it but because of 
Prime Minister Rabin's fault. It is he that has always 
postponed the implementation of the Declaration of Principles 
signed in Washington 13 September. It was he who repeated that 
there are no sacrosanct deadlines to be observed. Rabin 
promised Egyptian President Mubarak that we would meet in Cairo 
about 10 days after the ceremony and handshake in Washington to 
give an immediate go-ahead to the agreements signed. But 
nothing has been implemented yet. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Do you feel that you have been duped? 
  ['Arafat] No. I think that playing for time and constant 
postponements are part of the Israelis' mentality. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] What would you say to Rabin if you were to meet 
with him tomorrow? 
  ['Arafat] I would remind him that Menahem Begin, the former 
prime minister and leader of the right, the one who waged the 
war in Lebanon, implemented the agreements with Egypt extremely 
strictly and precisely, including the dismantling of the Jewish 
settlement in Sinai. 
  Rabin once said: "I will make 'Arafat sweat" -- for both the 
body and the mind. People pay to go to the sauna. And I will 
make Rabin sweat, too. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Mr. Chairman, does Israel really want peace? 
  ['Arafat] Ask them. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] What do you think? 
  ['Arafat] They are raising both formal and substantive 
obstacles. I repeat: They are playing for time. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] But Rabin has major problems within his own 
country. And we know from a reliable source that the Israeli 
prime minister is waiting for a goodwill gesture from you... 
  ['Arafat] What? Rabin dares to request a generous gesture 
from me, his victim? It is we who are entitled to demand a 
courageous gesture -- and soon. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Of what kind? 
  ['Arafat] To guarantee my people's safety. Look at what 
happened in Hebron between Tuesday 22 and Wednesday 23 March. 
The city was actually under siege. They used missiles. And 
still Rabin expects a gesture from me? 
  [L'ESPRESSO] What concrete measures do you expect from 
Israel, in Hebron? 
  ['Arafat] To bring in international observers. Also, to 
implement the Security Council resolution that envisages the 
disarmament of the settlers. Furthermore, there must be a 
Palestinian police force in the city of the patriarchs. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] But Rabin says that your police must be under 
Israeli command, since there is only one sovereignty and only 
one authority. 
  ['Arafat] Look, according to the Washington declaration, two 
sovereignties, two authorities, and two responsibilities are 
envisaged in the occupied territories. Where there are Israeli 
citizens, the responsibility for their safety lies with the 
Israeli state. And where there are Palestinians, the 
responsibility is ours. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] But will the Palestinian police in Hebron 
protect the settlers too? 
  ['Arafat] If they are in transit, of course, like any 
self-respecting police force. But I do not see why the settlers 
should continue to live in the heart of the city, in our homes. 
Let them go to Qiryat Arba'. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Mr. Chairman, does that mean that you want the 
settlers simply to be transferred to the settlement overlooking 
the city, not sent back to Israel? 
  ['Arafat] At this stage, yes. We will discuss their return 
to Israel in the negotiations. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] The tragic events in Hebron have split Israeli 
public opinion. Shim'on Peres even described the fanatic 
settlers as "Nazis." What did it feel like to hear an Israeli 
minister talking like that about other Jews? 
  ['Arafat] It was certainly a very courageous act. In any 
case, I appreciate Peres, and I think I can say that an 
atmosphere of understanding has been created between us. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Did you know that Peres recently described you 
as "a real leader"? 
  ['Arafat] Really? Why? 
  [L'ESPRESSO] According to Peres, a real leader knows how to 
lead his people to peace, not to war, even when his people no 
longer have confidence in peace. 
  ['Arafat] Look, after the Hebron massacre, after months when 
no progress was made in the peace process, my people really did 
lose confidence in the outcome of the negotiations. But I will 
not give in, despite all the enemies of peace. And do you know 
why? 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Tell us. 
  ['Arafat] Because the essence of leadership is to have a 
vision and a blueprint for the future. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] THE INDEPENDENT wrote recently that when you 
went to Damascus to brief Hafiz al-Asad on the Washington 
agreement, the Syrian president apparently told you: "You are 
sitting on the same seat where al-Sadat sat." 
  ['Arafat] That is not true. He would never have dared to 
speak like that. In any case, let us not forget that that is 
also al-Asad's seat. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] The enemies of peace include the Islamic 
fundamentalists of Hamas. Paradoxically, some people in Israel 
have suggested the idea of banishing them to a desert island 
together with the Jewish fascists. And leaving them to settle 
matters among themselves. 
  ['Arafat] I do not like that theory. There is no parallel 
between the Islamic fundamentalists and the Israeli fascists. 
So much so that Rabin himself has supported Hamas from the 
outset, perhaps in the belief that he could thus weaken the 
PLO's leadership. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] After Washington is your destiny bound to that 
of Rabin? 
  ['Arafat] I called that handshake the peace of the brave. 
Now each must draw the necessary conclusions at home and 
shoulder his own responsibilities. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Tell us about your dream of peace. 
  ['Arafat] I want two states -- Palestine and Israel, next to 
each other. Ours will be a confederation with Jordan, in 
accordance with the decision of the Palestinian and Jordanian 
peoples. We also need a kind of Marshall Plan for the entire 
region. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] So is your plan similar to that of the regional 
common market that Peres is talking about? 
  ['Arafat] Yes, it is. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Has the West already granted you some economic 
assistance? 
  ['Arafat] We have received only promises. With two 
exceptions -- Spain, which has granted us credit worth $8.5 
million, and Greece. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] What do you expect from Italy? 
  ['Arafat] A great deal. We have always maintained excellent 
relations with Italy. And now I call on the Italian people to 
help us. We need roads, schools, hospitals, aqueducts, an 
airport, sea ports. And also a telecommunications system. 
Everything, in other words. 
  [L'ESPRESSO] Mr. Chairman, one final question: What 
similarities are there between the Palestinians and the Israelis? 
  ['Arafat] There are many: We cannot keep a secret, we are 
gossips, we like publicity, propaganda, and above all we like 
the mass media. And we cannot live without democracy. 

