BFN 

  [Text] A 22-member delegation led by Yunnan Governor He 
Zhiqiang arrived in Bangkok from Phnom Penh yesterday for a 
6-day observation tour of Thailand. The visit is aimed at 
promoting trade, investment, and tourism cooperation between 
Yunnan and Thailand. 
  The delegation includes Kunming City Mayor Wang Yanchen and 
15 businessmen. They are scheduled to call on Prime Minister 
Chuan Likphai today and to hold talks with Commerce minister 
Uthai Phimchaichon, Interior Minister General Chawalit 
Yongchaiyut, and senior industry and communications officials 
during their visit. He Zhiqiang and his delegation will also 
preside over an investment seminar and visit the Stock Exchange 
of Thailand and trade complexes. 
  At present, Yunnan Province's foreign trade is mainly 
conducted through its border with Burma, Vietnam, and Laos. The 
Yunnan governor's visit to Thailand and Cambodia is aimed at 
expanding and strengthening trade cooperation and learning about 
the investment atmosphere of these countries. 
  Yunnan Province has joined Thailand, Burma, and Laos in 
carrying out the quadrangle economic cooperation zone project. 
It plans to build a railway and two highways, through Burma or 
Laos, to Thailand to connect other highways which link with 
other ASEAN countries. 
  He Zhiqiang will conclude his visit to Thailand next Monday 
and will continue his trip to Burma for a similar observation 
tour. He has recently visited Vietnam and Laos. 
  In 1993, Yunnan's border trade with neighboring countries 
was 
287.3 billion yuan, of which 88 percent was recorded with Burma, 
10 percent with Vietnam, and 2 percent with Laos. 

