Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Jerusalem, Feb. 14 KYODO -- Iran is attempting to 
mobilize the Japanese Red Army and Islamic guerrilla groups for 
joint assassination missions and other terrorist acts in the 
United States and Europe, a pro-Jordanian daily in Jerusalem 
reported Sunday. 
  The Red Army and several Islamic guerrilla groups met 
several 
weeks ago at the Teheran headquarters of the Iranian 
intelligence service, the Arab-language AN-NAHAR said quoting 
intelligence organs in several European countries. 
  The dispatch from Paris said Iran is hoping to disrupt the 
Middle East peace talks because it fears isolation should they 
be successful. 
  Tehran also appears to believe that one aim of the talks 
between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) 
is to destabilize Iran, according to the paper. 
  The Islamic groups attending the meeting included Hizbollah, 
a Lebanon-based militant Shiite faction, and the Popular Front 
for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command, an extremist 
group operating outside the PLO, the report said. 
  The meeting was also attended by high-ranking officials from 
the Iranian intelligence service and Iran's revolution guard 
corps, the report said. 
  The paper said Iran's revolution guard corps has trained the 
Japanese Red Army in Bekaa Valley in Lebanon and the Iranian 
Embassy in Beirut has helped Red Army members travel between 
Iran and Lebanon. 
  The Red Army, formed in 1971, was responsible for a series 
of 
hijacking and armed attacks in the 1970s, including the 1972 
massacre at Lod International Airport in Tel Aviv. 

