BFN 

<F P=106> [Gleb Cherkasov report under the "Structuring" rubric: </F>
"Council on Entrepreneurship Being Set Up Under Duma. Two 
Similar Councils Already Exist Under the Government"] 
  [Text] The leaders of the "Russian Business Roundtable" 
[RBR] association of entrepreneurial unions and movements are 
pressing on with the campaign to create systems for interaction 
of business circles with power structures. RBR Chairman Ivan 
Kivelidi met the other day with Speaker Ivan Rybkin. The 
discussion was devoted to questions of cooperation between 
parliament and entrepreneurial circles. 
  Mr. Kivelidi and Mr. Rybkin agreed on the need to form a 
special independent organ that would coordinate the RBR's 
relations with the Federal Assembly on the one hand, and with 
the government on the other. Also, the need to hold 
consultations between Duma committees and RBR representatives on 
all matters pertaining to entrepreneurial activities was 
recognized. 
  At the same time the "Roundtable" made a statement voicing 
bewilderment at the fact that "there exist in the structure of 
the government two parallel councils on entrepreneurial matters 
-- a Council on Industrial Policy and Entrepreneurship, and a 
Council on the Development of Entrepreneurship." The statement 
points out that "the making of an artificial distinction between 
managers and businessmen of Russia may entail consequences that 
could hold up the natural development of the economy." The RBR 
proposes to the government to create a unified "State Council on 
Entrepreneurship" whose members must be confirmed with the 
opinions of public associations of entrepreneurs being taken 
into account. 

