Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Luis Guillermo Acosta] </F>
  [Text] Maracay -- The National Armed Forces [FAN] will 
respect the decision by President-elect Rafael Caldera, who will 
take the oath of office on 2 February as president and commander 
in chief of the FAN. 
  This was made clear by Major General Angel Rafael Montero 
Revette, inspector general of the Army, who will be the next 
minister of defense according to the statement Rafael Caldera 
made to the nation. Montero Revette presided over a ceremony in 
this city at the Maracay Branch of the Army Noncommissioned 
Officers School, where he was questioned by some journalists on 
whether there would be problems with the Caldera announcement 
regarding changes in the High Command. 
  The next defense minister said he thinks there will not be 
problems in the FAN with the appointment of a new military High 
Command, because President-elect Caldera knows very well the 
military laws and attributions he will have when he takes over 
as commander in chief. According to Gen. Montero Revette, FAN 
personnel will begin observing Rafael Caldera's decisions at the 
very moment he assumes the presidency of the Republic. He added 
that according to the Constitution, FAN personnel are 
subordinated to the civilian rule exercised by the chief 
executive. Consequently, he concluded, there will be no problems 
in this regard. 

