Language: <F P=105> German </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Frankfurt/Main (DPA) -- In the view of Norbert 
Walter, chief economist of Deutsche Bank, the Bundesbank's 
monetary policy is not in harmony with the fundamental national 
economic data. In a contribution to FRANKFURTER ALLGEMEINE 
SONNTAGSZEITUNG, Walter writes about potential explanations for 
the Bundesbank's restraint regarding a further lowering of the 
interest rates -- fear of inflation by the guardians of the 
currency or concern about the drain of money from Germany -- 
that wage contracts have been surprisingly low. Inflation is on 
the retreat; the German mark is strong compared to the dollar, 
the yen, and European currencies. 
  Walter asks whether the interim goal -- maintaining a given 
growth of the money supply -- has not become an "obsession," 
while "trends and predictable factors for future inflation rates 
may perhaps signal success on the inflation front and thus for 
the Bundesbank goals?" 
  The final goal, price stability, "is right around the 
corner." In this connection, he criticized the measuring of 
money supply growth by the Bundesbank as "a pointless procedure 
of calculating an annual rate for this volatile unit." "The 
Bundesbank must not become the prisoner of its partly self-made 
gap in credibility," Walter says. 
  Furthermore, Walter writes that German and European economic 
development needs a normal interest-structure curve with money 
market rates, which are at least 1.5 percentage points below 
capital market rates. Real interests for the economy, which 
lead to financing costs of 6 percent (Germany) and 8 percent 
(France), cause restraint in investments. 

