Language: <F P=105> Cambodian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] While meeting with reporters on the morning of 
15 January at the opening of a vocational training course on 
journalism organized by UNESCO, Ek Sereivoat, state secretary in 
the National Defense Ministry, said that the Khmer Rouge issue 
will certainly be resolved within a year at most. [passage 
omitted] 
  On the same occasion, he answered questions from local 
reporters on the influx of Vietnamese immigrants and the anarchy 
among some of the armed forces. He said that the Royal 
Government is focusing on and paying attention to problems at a 
number of border passes, particularly passes along waterways, 
where ministers and deputy ministers in the Ministry of National 
Defense are vigorously striving to solve problems. So far, 
hundreds of Vietnamese boats have been prevented from continuing 
their journey into Cambodia. Concerning the anarchy among the 
armed forces, he stressed that an appropriate army structure 
will be set up very soon. As for other aspects of the anarchy, 
such as unauthorized checkpoints, the Royal Government has 
firmly assigned tasks to commanders of operational zones and 
police chiefs in cities and provinces, who must absolutely 
eliminate this problem. 

