Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Remarks by British MP George Galloway at a meeting between </F>
President Saddam Husayn and a delegation from the Athens 
International Conference on Solidarity With Iraq; in Baghdad on 
18 January -- recorded; in English, with a passage-by-passage 
translation into Arabic] 
  [Text] Your Excellency, Mr. President, I greet you, in the 
name of the many thousands of people in Britain, who stood 
against the tide and opposed the war and aggression against Iraq 
and continued to oppose the war by economic means which is aimed 
to strangle the life out of the great people of Iraq. 
  I greet you, too, in the name of the Palestinian people, 
amongst whom I've just spent two weeks in the occupied 
Palestinian territories. I can honestly tell you that there was 
not a single person to whom I told I was coming to Iraq and 
hoping to meet with yourself who did not wish me to convey their 
heartfelt, fraternal greetings and support. [Arabic translation 
reads: "convey their heartfelt greetings to your excellency and 
to Iraq."] 
  And this was true, especially at the base in the refugee 
camps of Jabalya, and Beach Camp in Gaza, in the Balatah Refugee 
Camp in Nabulus, and on the streets of the towns and villages in 
the occupied lands. 
  I thought the president would appreciate knowing that even 
today, three years after the war [Arabic translation reads: 
"after the aggression"], I still met families who were calling 
their newborn sons Saddam; and that two weeks ago, when I was 
trapped inside the Orient House, which is the Palestinian 
headquarters in al-Quds, with 5,000 [Arabic translation reads: 
"500"] armed mustwatinin [settlers] outside demonstrating, 
pledging to tear down the Palestinian flag from the flagpole, 
the hundreds [Arabic translation reads: "thousands"] of shabab 
[youths] inside the compound, were chanting that they wish to be 
with a DSh K [machine gun] in Baghdad to avenge the eyes of 
Abu-Jihad [Palestinian leader Khalil al-Wazir, killed in 
Tunisia]. And the Youth Club in Silwan, which is the one of the 
most resistant of all the villages around Jerusalem, asked me to 
ask the president's permission if they could enroll him as an 
honorary member of their club and to present him with this flag 
from holy Jerusalem. 
  I wish to say, Sir, that I believe that we are turning the 
tide in Europe, that the scale of the humanitarian disaster, 
which has been imposed upon the Iraqi people, is now becoming 
more and more widely known and accepted. [Arabic translation 
reads: "Sir, I believe I can say that we, in Europe, began to 
turn the tide. The disastrous destruction inflicted on you as a 
result of the aggressive attack to which you were exposed began 
to draw different feelings which are turning in your favor in 
Europe."] 
  Fifty-five British Members of Parliament opposed the war, 
but 
125 [Arabic translation reads: "120"] are demanding the lifting 
of the embargo. 
  And this does not include the invisible section of the 
Conservative Party who must also been moving in that direction. 
And so, Edward Heath is being a very persuasive advocate inside 
his Conservative Party. 
  It is my belief that we must convey the very clear picture, 
that 1994 has to be the year of the ending of the embargo on 
Iraq. Otherwise, famine and all the awful consequences, 
including active despair by Iraqis, will be the result. And 
this is the message we must convey to civilized opinion in 
Europe. 
  So, I salute your courage, your strength, your 
indefatigability. And I want you to know that we are with you. 
Hatta al-nasr, hatta al-nasr, hatta al-quds [Until victory, 
until victory, until Jerusalem]. [applause] 

