BFN 

<F P=106> [From NIHON KEIZAI SHIMBUN 28 Jun Morning Edition] </F>
  [Text] On 27 June the dollar fell below 100 yen on the 
Tokyo Exchange Market and this all-time low in the dollar's 
value against the yen hit the Hata cabinet -- which continued to 
carry out its duties even after Prime Minister Hata announced 
his cabinet would resign en masse. Prime Minister Hata 
immediately called Deputy Finance Minister Kosuke Nakahira; 
Takashi Kato, director of the International Finance Bureau of 
the Finance Ministry; and Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary 
Ishihara to the prime minister's official residence to discuss 
ways to deal with the sharp rise in the yen's exchange rate 
against the dollar. After being briefed on the response and 
coordinated intervention made by other industrialized nations 
and the situation on foreign exchange markets, the prime 
minister told them that as Japanese measures to deal with the 
yen's appreciation: "It is important to execute the budget 
steadily and to further relax regulations." Regarding holding 
an emergency meeting of cabinet members in charge of economic 
affairs to discuss ways to deal with the yen's appreciation, the 
prime minister showed no intention of doing so, saying: "I do 
not want to hold a meeting that could send a mistaken message to 
foreign exchange markets. What matters is to execute the budget 
and relax regulations in a visible way." 

