BFN 

  [Excerpt] Two NATO air raids in two days in 
Bosnia-Herzegovina. NATO aircraft have just attacked Serb 
positions again around the Muslim enclave of Gorazde. This news 
has not been officially confirmed yet by the United Nations. 
  Some hours ago, the UN special representative for Bosnia was 
warning that new air strikes were possible in case of threats 
against the safe havens. Yasushi Akashi was speaking in Paris. 
Shortly after the Atlantic Alliance apparently carried out a 
second air strike against the surrounding Serb positions, 
shelling the Muslim enclave of Gorazde. More details with Denis 
Hourdan: 
  [Hourdan] It seems that NATO planes are carrying out new air 
strikes on Serb positions around Gorazde. For the time being UN 
official spokesmen in Sarajevo refuse to confirm the news given 
by a UNHCR [UN High Commissioner for Refugees] civilian who was 
in General Rose's command post in Sarajevo. This UN official 
told us that new raids were under way after this morning's heavy 
shelling of Gorazde. Serbs first targetted Gorazde hospital, 
and then the residence of UN military observers. This latest 
move apparently prompted NATO's latest raid. NATO dispatched 
planes that identified targets. The United Nations refuses to 
confirm that the planes fired, but apparently new air strikes 
took place. [passage omitted] 

