BFN 

  [Text] We have entered a new, more positive period in our 
cooperation. This was a statement made by Nicholas Burns, the 
U.S. National Security Council's senior director, at his meeting 
with Ukrainian Supreme Council Chairman Ivan Plyushch on 5 May. 
The guest is leading his country's representative economic 
delegation that has been visiting Ukraine for several days now. 
  In the course of the conversation, Ivan Plyushch described 
the situation that had formed in Ukraine. The arrival of this 
delegation in our country, in his view, is another step taken 
along the path toward further building mutually beneficial ties 
of partnership with the United States of America. The United 
States can play an important part in promoting the settlement of 
the issues that Ukraine is now faced with, said Ivan Plyushch. 
  I know, Nicholas Burns replied, that President Bill Clinton 
believes America and Ukraine have entered a new, more positive 
period in bilateral relations. Whereas we used to pay more 
attention to eliminating the nuclear weapons deployed in 
Ukraine, we are now making the emphasis on larger-scale economic 
relations. A few months ago, our president made a resolute 
decision that we should develop a new and productive 
relationship with Ukraine in the economic sphere. The U.S. 
President promises that this summer will see the beginning of an 
U.S.-Ukrainian Enterprise Fund which is to lend money to private 
enterprises in Ukraine. Your state is now our fourth largest 
world partner in terms of the size of our economic assistance, 
which once again emphasizes that Ukraine is a country of great 
importance to the United States, Nicholas Burns, U.S. National 
Security Council senior director, said. 

