Language: <F P=105> Ukrainian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpt] Kiev -- Yesterday, the government examined the 
draft plan for the economic and social development of Ukraine 
and the draft general budget for 1994. A news conference was 
held by Finance Minister Hryhoriy Pyatachenko, and Valentyn 
Popov, Yuriy Yekhanurov, and Viktor Kalnyk, deputy ministers of 
the economy, who reported that the Cabinet of Ministers has 
given a second reading of the plan for socio-economic 
development and the budget for the third time. 
  Hryhoriy Pyatachenko stressed that, taking into account 
anti-inflationary measures and in accordance with a price index 
of 4.45 [not further specified], "a deficit-free budget was 
drawn up on a realistic basis," with expenditure of 342 trillion 
and income of 342 trillion [currency not specified]. "We will 
make a realistic gross product of 480 trillion, and not 750 
trillion, as in the first version of the budget," said Hryhoriy 
Pyatachenko. 
  The finance minister proposed that profit tax be increased 
from 30 percent to 40 percent. Carrying out an instruction by 
the Supreme Council, the Ministry of Finance is laying down in 
the budget a reduction of expenditure on maintaining the 
administrative apparatus, by 30 percent on bodies of executive 
authority and by 19 percent on local administrations. This step 
alone should save the budget 388 billion karbovantsi. 
  Asked by a UNIAN correspondent as to how the annual budget 
can be a deficit-free one when the Ministry of Finance has 
planned to receive income of 8.8 trillion and with expenditure 
of 21.515 trillion in January 1994 alone, the finance minister 
denied the very existence of a deficit at the beginning of the 
year, and stated that he believes in adhering to a deficit-free 
budget. [passage omitted] 

