Language: <F P=105> Persian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] We continue the news with a report by our 
correspondent on the continuing amphibious exercise in the 
waters of the Persian Gulf: 
  [Begin unidentified correspondent recording] The fourth and 
fifth phases of the regional amphibious exercise [codenamed] 
Martyr Reysali Delvari in the Persian Gulf waters have ended 
successfully. In this phase [as heard] of the exercise, which 
is taking place in six stages with the participation of units 
from the Second Marine Region of the Islamic Revolution Guards 
Corps [IRGC], and airborne units of the Second Marine Region of 
the navy of the Islamic Republic of Iran in the area between 
Bandar-e Dayer and Kharg Island, active units used dozens of 
vessels, speed boats, and helicopters, and carried out 
successful beach support fire operations; extensive amphibious 
attack operations; chemical attack operations by the imaginary 
enemy; defensive chemical, bacteriological, and radiation 
[warfare] operations; stationing forces in the Sar-e Pol region 
and firing at the flares of the imaginary enemy [as heard]; 
boarding of personnel onto personnel carriers; and night time 
and transit sea-going operations [as heard]. 
  The Martyr Reysali Delvari amphibious operation started two 
days ago and will continue tomorrow. [end recording] 

