BFN 

  [Text] On Thursday an anti-submarine patrolling ship was 
launched into waters from a ship-building plant in Chechnya 
located down the River of Terek. Interfax's correspondents 
report that after the opening ceremony with traditional wishes 
for seaworthiness the ship's name was announced: "Ruslan 
Khasbulatov." 
  A personal envoy of the Chechen President Shamsuddi Chimayev 
said at a spontaneous meeting that the decision was taken by the 
republic's government to pay homage to the former speaker of the 
Russian parliament. According to Chimayev, the ship will be 
"the first combat vessel in the newly created naval forces of 
the republic." Interfax's correspondent reports that from now 
on March 31 will be celebrated in Chechnya as the Day of the 
Republic's Naval Force. 
  Khasbulatov, who attended the opening ceremony, thanked 
compatriots for their respect and invited all those present to a 
solemn dinner on the occasion, which will be held in his native 
village of Tolstoy-Yurt on Friday evening. 
  In the meantime, Interfax learned from confidential sources 
that first naval exercises are scheduled for June in the basin 
of Terek. In the course of the exercises, the aviation forces 
together with the combat vessel will be working on their 
interaction in the event of aggression from abroad. The 
exercises will also involve units of the coast guard "Abrek" and 
combat swimmers who will show off the art of building 
anti-infantry positions in the water out of available materials. 

