Article Type:CSO 

  [Text] The Ministry of International Trade and Industry 
(MITI) will expand and strengthen its high level industrial 
support plan for developing countries beginning with various 
countries in the Asian Pacific region. Specifically, (1) 
cooperating in the training of people for an industrial base and 
the creation of development projects, as well as nurturing 
budding industries; (2) establishing a low interest finance 
system to support small and medium-sized businesses that are 
venturing overseas and the provision of information; and (3) 
building a framework for planning international harmony of each 
system in the Asian Pacific region. A policy to suit each 
country is developed at MITI through policy discussions with the 
Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN). 
  To support the establishment of an economic development base 
in developing countries, in addition to providing an industrial 
infrastructure, budding industries which supply parts to 
assembly industries will be fostered. To accomplish this, 
cooperation in training and technical development is advanced 
together with extending the loss reserve funding system for 
overseas investments to eastern European and central Asian 
countries. Also, relaxation of the investment system and trade 
with developing countries is proposed. 
  As one link in restructuring small and medium-sized 
businesses in Japan, there will be support of capital to enable 
gradual progress in overseas investments. In addition to the 
Restructuring Support Loan System for direct overseas investment 
from government finance organs, advisory guidance for companies 
venturing overseas will also be implemented. 

