BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, April 16 (KCNA) -- The great leader 
President Kim Il-song today received the Pyongyang-visiting 
group of former heads of state and government and politicians of 
different countries staying here. 
  The visiting group led by ex-President of Costa Rica Rodrigo 
Carazo Odio, consists of former Governor-General of Canada 
Edward Schreyer, former Prime Minister of Egypt Aziz Sedky, 
former chief of staff of the Armed Forces of France, member of 
the European Parliament and chairman of the union of 
independentists general of the Army Jeannou Lacaze, former 
member of the parliament of France and member of the European 
Parliament Pierro Ceyrac, senior vice-president of the Center 
for Strategic and International Studies of the United States 
William Taylor, senior vice-president of the CNN International 
Eason Jordan, executive director of the Summit Council for World 
Peace Antonio Betancourt, director of research of the Summit 
Council for World Peace Mark P. Barry, former senior advisor to 
the assistant secretary of state for human rights of the United 
States James Zumwalt, managing editor of THE WASHINGTON TIMES 
Josette Shiner, executive director of THE WASHINGTON TIMES Photo 
Agency Victoria Yokota, President Hirogatsu Ota and 
Vice-President Togashi Takayoshi of the Summit Council for World 
Strategy of Japan and others. 
  Present there were Kim Yong-sun, secretary of the Central 
Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea and chairman of the 
Reunification Policy Committee of the SPA [Supreme People's 
Assembly]; Yi Chong-hyok, senior councillor of the Reunification 
Policy Committee of the SPA; Song Ho-kyong, vice minister of 
foreign affairs and director of the Disarmament and Peace 
Institute of the DPRK; O Mun-han, vice chairman of the Society 
for Cultural Relations with Foreign Countries. 
  The guests warmly congratulated President Kim Il-song on his 
birthday and wished him good health and long life. 
  President Kim Il-song expressed thanks for this and 
conversed 
with them in a cordial and friendly atmosphere. 
  He invited the guests to a luncheon. 

