BFN 

  [Text] There are reports of intensive fighting in Harbel 
Firestone between the so-called Liberian Peace Council [LPC] and 
the NPFL [National Patriotic Front of Liberia]. According to 
the commander in chief of the NPFL, Charles Gankay Taylor, the 
renegade LPC assisted by Nigerian soldiers attacked NPFL 
positions in Compound No.2 in Grand Bassa County and the 
Firestone areas over the weekend. The NPFL leader said it is 
clear that the NPFL will not accept the blatant abuse of 
peacekeeping by ECOMOG in Liberia and its continued acts of 
destruction and killings of Liberians. 
  Since recent pronouncements by the U.S. Government 
confirming 
that Nigeria has been aiding and abetting armed groups, 
particularly the LPC and ULIMO [United Liberation Movement for 
in Liberia] against the NPFL, ECOMOG is continuously escalating 
the war in Liberia. 
  According to citizens fleeing out of the area, the rage of 
terror has hit the Harbel Firestone and Kakata areas with ECOMOG 
arresting citizens and skinning them alive, and selling human 
parts for meat in Kakata area and other areas. The NPFL leader 
is calling on the international community and the United Nations 
to immediately conduct investigations into the behavior of 
ECOMOG in Liberia and enforce measures that could make them 
desist from such practices. 

