BFN 

<F P=106> [Article signed NI: "Jakob Kellenberger Back From Middle </F>
East Tour"] 
  [Text] Bern, 24 May (ATS) -- State Secretary Jakob 
Kellenberger talked to the press Tuesday [23 May] about his trip 
to Egypt and Syria last week. He recalled that the peace 
process in the Middle East was still one of the priorities of 
Switzerland's foreign policy. 
  The tour was the logical follow-up to last year's visit to 
Israel and Jordan. Mr. Kellenberger repeated that Switzerland 
was prepared to step up its current support for the 
negotiations, support which is manifested in its participation 
in various multilateral negotiations (on water, refugees, arms 
control, economic development, and the environment). 
  According to the state secretary, Egypt is showing more 
optimism than Syria toward the peace process. Syria is still 
taking a hardline stance toward Israel with regard to the Golan 
Heights. Located between the two countries, the Heights were 
captured by Israel in 1967 and subsequently annexed. U.S. 
Secretary of State Warren Christopher, who was shuttling between 
Damascus and Jerusalem recently, feels however that Syria has 
softened its position slightly on the timetable for an Israeli 
withdrawal. 
  At the bilateral level, relations between the two countries 
and Switzerland are "good," Mr. Kellenberger said. Economically 
speaking, however, relations are more intense with Egypt. Syria 
also let it be known that it wants to attract more Swiss 
investment. In Cairo, the state secretary also discussed the 
partial reconversion of Egypt's debt to Switzerland and 
development projects in that country. An agreement to this end 
is currently being negotiated. 

