CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by v.a.: "Valentic: A Wave of Bankruptcies Is </F>
Coming"] 
  [Text] The assembled shareholders of Privredna Banka 
[Business Bank] were also addressed by Prime Minister Nikica 
Valentic, who said that prices, the exchange rate, and inflation 
are staying as they are, thereby refuting yet again all the 
rumors about the drop in the exchange rate immediately after the 
kuna is introduced. "Inflation at 10 percent per month is high, 
and anything over 20 or 30 percent is already hyperinflation," 
the Croatian prime minister emphasized. 
  He added that the drafting of the final program is nearing 
an 
end for signing the letter of intent with the IMF, and that the 
signing of a standby arrangement is expected in September. 
Valentic emphasized that a contract will be signed any day now 
with the World Bank on a loan of $128 million, adding that at 
the same time this constitutes a breach of the financial 
blockade. Valentic also said that an agreement had been reached 
with the World Bank on a loan of $100 million intended for 
financial rescue and restructuring of the bank, which will come 
to Croatia after the standby arrangement is signed. 
  After saying that financial rescue and restructuring of the 
banks will begin in a few days, Nikica Valentic repeated that 
the government does not want to support the banks, but only to 
restore order in the banking system. 
  He also announced that there soon would be a wave of 
bankruptcies, which, he said, will affect entire branches of the 
economy, because the structure of the economy that Croatia has 
today is no longer tenable. "The real problems are just 
beginning. Only now will we see whether we have the strength and 
will to carry out the anti-inflation program, on which 
cooperation with international financial institutions depends," 
the Croatian prime minister emphasized, adding that the electric 
power industry, the health insurance fund, and the pension fund 
had been stabilized, that the public debt had been reduced to a 
large extent, and foreign exchange savings are growing. 

