Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, March 28 (AFP)--China and South Korea 
agreed here Monday to launch a government committee on bilateral 
industrial cooperation to boost the already-booming trade and 
investment between the two countries. The agreement was reached 
at a trade ministers' meeting between South Korea's Kim Chol-Su 
and his Chinese counterpart Wang Zhongyu, Kim told journalists. 
  The industrial committee will have four subcomittees to work 
for cooperation in automobiles, aircraft, electronic phone 
switching systems and high-definition television. The agreement 
was signed during the visit to China of South Korea's president, 
Kim Yong-Sam. The South Korean trade minister said the committee 
would be launched by the end of June. The two trade ministers 
also agreed the two countries would jointly develop mid-sized 
passenger jets with some 100 seats by 2000, and produce auto 
parts before shifting into the manufacturing of cars, Kim 
Chol-su said. 
  In a related development, the South Korean communication 
minister, Yun Tong-yun, and his Chinese counterpart, Wu Jichuan, 
signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to jointly develop 
and market an electronic phone switching system. The MOU also 
calls for South Korean firms to participate actively in various 
telecommunication projects in China, including a 
100-million-dollar plan to link Beijing and Guangzhou with 
optical cables, and a 100- million-dollar computer network for 
post offices throughout China. 

