BFN 

  [Text] His Excellency Lakhdar Brahimi, the envoy of the UN 
secretary general, said today that he had made progress in his 
efforts to bring about a cease-fire in the war being fought in 
Yemen. He told journalists in Abu-Dhabi, as reported by 
Damascus radio, that north Yemen had accepted proposals put 
forward by our country on sending international observers to 
supervise the cease-fire. The UN secretary general's envoy went 
on to say that he had been informed of Sanaa's decision this 
evening. He said this represented a major change in the 
position of north Yemen in that it had accepted the idea of 
Yemeni and foreign observers, whereas previously Sanaa had 
rejected any foreign role. In the same context, Associated 
Press has reported that this force be formed under the 
supervision of a committee comprising 11 military members 
representing the Arab League, the United Nations and Oman, and 
two military attaches [as heard] from the United States and 
Russia. The supervisory force should comprise between 100 and 
150 officers drawn from the states represented in the 
supervisory committee. The memorandum defined the mission of 
the observers who would operate under the UN as implementing the 
cease-fire and guaranteeing the withdrawal of the forces, while 
the UN envoy was to take the necessary steps to render 
successful the mission of the force supervising the cease-fire. 

