Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Shenyang, March 2 (XINHUA) -- Northeast China's 
Liaoning Province reported a sharp growth in its construction 
sector last year, with profits reaching 1.743 billion yuan, an 
increase of 20 percent from 1992, a local official said. 
  Mu Suixin, head of the provincial construction department, 
attributed the gratifying achievements to the government's 
macro-control over the fast-increasing construction market. 
  He said that the province's investment in key projects last 
year topped 7.6 billion yuan and the total floor space of 
newly-built urban apartments reached 16.5 million square meters. 
  The official said that the local governments made great 
efforts to establish a sound real estate market structure to 
boost the development of the construction industry. 
  To achieve this goal, he said, a tender and supervisory 
system for construction projects was set up in the province. 
  The number of projects contracted by way of bidding reached 
4,440 last year, accounting for 87.6 percent of the province's 
total, he said. 
  Meanwhile, he added, 14 cities have set up construction 
quality supervisory offices to control the investment and 
quality of the projects. 
  In order to foster and develop a good real estate market, 
the 
province also tightened reins over land development, while 
focusing on the building of the real estate market, he continued. 
  Tenders for developing urban districts were published in 
some 
cities to help the local governments raise funds for urban 
construction. 
  According to the official, 72 real estate business offices 
and services and a number of markets have been built in the 
province for real estate trading, leasing and mortgaging. 

