BFN 

<F P=106> ['Adnan Husayn report: ``Kurdish Sources Tell AL-SHARQ </F>
AL-AWSAT: The Chemicals Smuggled Into Iraq Came From Iran''] 
  [Text] London -- Iraqi Kurdish sources who wished to remain 
anonymous have stated that the two trucks loaded with materials 
used in the manufacture of chemical weapons seized last month by 
the police of the Kurdish Government in the northern region of 
Iraq came from Iran. 
  The sources told AL-SHARQ AL-AWSAT yesterday that the 
Kurdish 
drivers of the two trucks admitted that they crossed the border 
from Iran and intended to drive the two trucks to areas under 
the control of the Iraqi Government and deliver them to an Iraqi 
party known to them. 
  Officials of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan [PUK], led by 
Jalal Talabani, had stated on Saturday that on the night of 
17-18 April the Kurdish police impounded the two trucks, which 
were carrying 19 tons of sodium phosphate, which is used in the 
production of chemical weapons, and mustard gas, and that ``the 
consignment was exported from the PRC and passed through a 
country neighboring Iraq.'' 
  The Kurdish sources said that the two trucks were seized in 
the area of Darbandikhan, which is only a few kilometers from 
the Iraqi-Iranian border. They declined to give more details 
because ``the interrogation of the two drivers is not over yet.'' 
  Under the second Gulf war ceasefire terms, Iraq is not 
allowed to produce, import, or use chemical, biological, or 
nuclear weapons, or long range missiles or materials used in the 
manufacture of such missiles. 

