Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Riga, January 26 (LETA) -- On Tuesday [25 January], 
agricultural workers from the Liepaja region met with the 
Latvian prime minister, Valdis Birkavs, in order to inform him 
of the present conditions of farmers in the region. The 
minister of agriculture, Janis Kinna, also participated in the 
meeting. Farmers are dissatisfied with high interests on the 
credit and insufficient state subsidies for agriculture. Prices 
have not been regulated, thus, a farmer has to sell five litres 
of milk in order to buy a litre of gasoline. 
  Janis Kinna told farmers that 11.9 million lats will be 
allocated for crediting of sowing. The state will allocate 
agricultural subsidies in the amount of 6.6 million lats. 
However, the term of the allocation of subsidies is yet 
unknown, money will be granted either in spring or in summer. 
  Valdis Birkavs pointed out that "it is not easy to go along 
the road towards normal agricultural production." Investments 
planned for the development of agriculture are insufficient. 
Speaking on the policy of the Bank of Latvia, Mr. Birkavs said 
that it is badly orientated to the economic development of the 
republic and that measures for strengthening of the bank system 
will be taken. 
  Today, the Latvian prime minister leaves for Switzerland in 
order to participate in an economic forum there. The president 
of the Bank of Latvia, Einars Repse, and economic minister Ojars 
Kehris, will participate in the forum, as well. 

