BFN 

  [Text] Because North Korean enterprises did not pay 
Russian enterprises for their import of goods and because of 
their frequent severance of transactions with Russia, trade 
conflict between the two countries has been further aggravated. 
Quoting data provided from the Russian Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, an expert on North Korean affairs said on 7 May: Most 
Russian enterprises have smuggled their goods into North Korea 
in order not to pay an export tax. Therefore, North Korean 
enterprises have refused to pay them, citing the Russian 
enterprises' illegalities. The amount unpaid by the North 
Korean enterprises is over $20 million. 
  The total amount of Russian exports to North Korea last year 
reached approximately $200 million. Therefore, approximately 10 
percent of Russia's total amount of annual exports to North 
Korea has been embezzled by the North Korean enterprises. 
  Regarding this, Russian enterprises have asked the North 
Korean Embassy in Moscow to cooperate on solving the problems. 
The Russian trade mission in Pyongyang has strongly called on 
the North Korean Government to pay the money owed. 
  The Russian Government has reorganized its laws applicable 
to 
foreign trade and urged its enterprises to be prudent in dealing 
with North Korean enterprises. 
  North Korea, which mainly imports oil, airplane fuel, cars, 
and mineral fertilizer from Russia, has reportedly cheated the 
Russian enterprises by placing illegal terms in invoices used 
with Russian enterprises. 

