Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [by ITAR-TASS correspondents Albert Kochetkov and Mikhail </F>
Shvestov] 
  [Text] Moscow, 2 Feb -- The future of military and 
political cooperation between Russia and Georgia depends on 
stabilizing the sociopolitical situation in the republic, 
deciding the political status of Abkhazia and South Ossetia, and 
on Georgia's readiness to adhere to the framework of the 
collective security treaty. Russian Defense Minister Pavel 
Grachev said this today at a meeting with the personnel of the 
405th motor-rifle regiment in Vozian. 
  A meeting between the Russian defense minister and Georgian 
leader Eduard Shevardnadze with a limited number of people 
present is scheduled for this evening. The meeting will take 
place behind closed doors. 
  Touching upon the total numerical strength of the Russian 
Armed Forces, Pavel Grachev said the figure of 1.5 million 
defined by the defense law is not enough to guarantee the 
country's security. In the minister's opinion, "a reliable 
Russian army, capable of fulfilling the tasks laid upon it, 
should number between 2 and 2.1 million by 1995." He said that 
the president and the head of the Russian government have agreed 
in principle to the defense department's proposal. 
  It is proposed that tomorrow's summit will discuss the 
protocols on exchanges by military delegations and on ensuring 
aviation and technical provisions for aviation equipment on 
Russian and Georgian territories, and also a draft agreement on 
the CIS common borders and their protection. 

