Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Fuzhou, March 24 (XINHUA) -- Southeast China's 
Fujian Province will foster stronger links with other parts of 
the country by building up its road systems this year. 
  The whole project includes the construction of the 
Quanzhou-Xiamen section of the Fuzhou-Xiamen-Zhangzhou-Zhaoan 
Highway, three long bridges, four tunnels and two highways 
connecting Fujian with neighboring provinces. 
  The coastal province has decided to earmark 2.4 billion yuan 
this year for the undertaking, according to Shen Xueguang, 
director of the provincial transportation bureau. 
  The investment will be 67 percent higher than that of 1993. 
  As a mountainous region, Fujian has a poor transportation 
infrastructure. The total length of highways amounted to a mere 
945 km in 1949. By 1992, however, 41,882 km of highways had 
been built. But the road quality was inferior in terms of 
design, technical standards and surface conditions. 
  To meet the demands of rapid economic growth, Fujian poured 
1.3 billion yuan last year into the construction of 1,200 km of 
highways. 
  The extra 2.4 billion yuan this year will be used to build 
400 km of high-class highways, revamp 430 km of roads designed 
solely for automobiles and pave 4,000 km of regular roads. 
  Shen said, altogether 24 billion yuan is needed to complete 
Fujian's highway network. Therefore, the province has framed 
preferential policies allowing overseas investors to develop 
land along the highways and open service industries, according 
to Shen. 

