BFN 

  [Text] Port-au-Prince, 17 Jun (EFE) -- In Haiti, the price 
of gasoline has fallen in the past three weeks from $10 to $6 
per gallon on the black market due to -- among other reasons -- 
contraband and, according to observers, to the considerable 
reduction of the power outages in Port-au-Prince. Some reasons 
that have contributed to the fall of fuel prices are the 
continuous smuggling of gasoline from the Dominican Republic 
and, given the restoration of electrical services, homes and 
businesses no longer are using fuel to operate their emergency 
generators. In addition, many citizens are leaving their 
vehicles at home and choosing to travel to work on public 
transportation. 
  A merchant who asked to remain anonymous told EFE: "We 
continue receiving gasoline from the Dominican Republic despite 
the total embargo decreed by the United Nations." The source 
added that although the United States is making efforts to 
enforce the embargo, "the border between both nations is very 
long and the nations are very close." 
  Vehicle traffic has been reduced considerably in 
Port-au-Prince given the closing down of public and private 
schools. Therefore, many parents do not have to transport their 
children to school. 
  Meanwhile on Thursday, William Swing, U.S. ambassador to 
Haiti, bid farewell to a group of that mission's personnel and 
their families. The officials departed from Port-au-Prince at 
the request of Washington, which has asked its citizens to leave 
Haiti. Haiti's "de facto" government declared a state of 
emergency last week. 

