BFN 

  [Text] Stepanakert ("LRAGIR", "AZG", "YERKIR" dailies), 
05/21/94 -- Despite absence of active military operations at the 
fronts, the Azeri army continues shelling the Karabakh positions. 
  The RMK [Republic of Mountainous Karabakh] Defense Army 
headquarters report, the enemy shelled, using 120mm mortars and 
machine guns, the Karabakh positions at the villages of Seisulan 
and Hasanghaya in the Mardakertskiy District and Giulistan in 
the Shahumyanskiy District in the morning of May 20. 
  At the same time, the enemy opened fire in the direction of 
the villages of Gyuluja, Suma and Bashkyarvend in the Agdamskiy 
District and Karakhanbeyli in the Fizulinskiy District. No 
victims are reported. The Karabakh Armed Forces refrained from 
returning the fire. 
  Chairman of the Martuninskiy District Council Vazgen 
Karibyan 
informed a "HAYLOUR" correspondent, a significant concentration 
of Azeri manpower and equipment is reported in the environs of 
the Omar Gorge. An extensive Azeri offensive is expected in 
this direction. 
  Yerevan ("AZG", "YERKIR" dailies), 05/21/94 -- The Azeri 
units, stationed in the Kazakh district of Azerbaijan, shelled 
the Armenian defense positions at the villages of Vazashen in 
the Idzhevanskiy District of Armenia at 2:05 pm on May 19. The 
Armenian frontier forces refrained from returning the fire. 
  The villages of Vaghanis, Voskepar and Voskevan in the 
Noyemberyanskiy District were shelled at 6:40 pm on May 20. 
Currently, there is no information about the consequences. By 7 
pm, the shelling was continuing. 

