BFN 

  [Text] Bucharest ROMPRES, 21/6/1994 -- The proceedings of 
the third plenary session of the Parliamentary Assembly of the 
Black Sea Economic Cooperation Zone began on Tuesday, 21 June, 
in Bucharest. 
  Adrian Nastase, the speaker of the Romanian Chamber of 
Deputies, emphasized in his address to the opening meeting that 
the session was a special one, as it was attended by all the 
member states of the organization of Economic Cooperation of the 
Black Sea, as well as by Bulgaria and Greece, two countries that 
did not adhere so far to the parliamentary assembly, but enjoy 
the status of observers. 
  The presence of the delegations of the eleven member states 
of the organization is ensuring the necessary framework for the 
development of the regional cooperation through the 
harmonization of the legislation in the economic, social, and 
cultural fields, said Adrian Nastase. 
  One of the main responsibilities of the organization is to 
ensure a new age of security and peace in the Black Sea zone, 
based on economic cooperation, said the organization's president 
Husamettin Cindoruk, president of the Turkish National Assembly. 
  Stressing the fact that the decisions of the Black Sea 
Economic Cooperation Organization are addressing the governments 
of the member states, while the decisions of the parliamentary 
assembly of the said organization is addressing the parliaments 
of the member states, Aleksandr Chikvaidze, the Georgian foreign 
affairs minister, pleaded for the complementary functioning of 
the two bodies. 
  In this manner, the recommendations of the parliamentary 
assembly are expected to facilitate the implementation of the 
decisions taken by the Black Sea Economic Cooperation 
Organization. One of the projects that can benefit from this 
cooperation is the establishment of a trade and development bank 
of the Black Sea, a financial institution meant to support 
regional economic cooperation. 

