Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] Bonn, Jan 10 (AFP) -- Bilateral peace talks 
between Bosnia's President Alija Izetbegovic and Croatia's 
Franjo Tudjman resumed here Monday [10 January] behind closed 
doors, diplomats said. [passage omitted] 
  The mediators Lord Owen for the European Community and 
Thorvald Stoltenberg for the United Nations are attending the 
talks, which are aimed at reaching a ceasefire between the two 
sides in central Bosnia and agreeing on the shape of a future 
Bosnian state. [passage omitted] 
  Germany is hosting the talks but Foreign Minister Klaus 
Kinkel has stressed it is not acting as a mediator. 
  The Croatian press in Zagreb said Tudjman had informed 
Izetbegovic that he would ask "to use force against those 
carrying out offensives" in Bosnia if their summit in Bonn 
failed. Tudjman referred specifically to the new government 
army offensive around Vitez and Busovaca in central Bosnia, 
which Croat military sources say began Sunday. 
  According to the Croatian press, Tudjman presented 
Izetbegovic with "a formal Croatian proposal for a global 
settlement" of relations between Bosnian Croats and Moslems and 
between Bosnia and Croatia. 
  "If these negotiations do not yield results, Croatia will 
ask 
the United Nations, the European Union and NATO to use force 
against all those carrying out offensives," Tudjman is reported 
to have said in the presence of Kinkel, Owen and Stoltenberg. 

