Language: <F P=105> Serbo-Croatian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] Following the massacre of children in Sarajevo 
yesterday Mustafa Efendija Ceric, Reis Ullema of the Islamic 
community in the Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina, sent a letter 
to Ayatollah 'Ali Khamene'i, leader of the Islamic revolution in 
Iran; the great imam (Jaz al-Haq Shayk al-Asad); Mehmet Nuri 
Yilmaz, Reis Ullema of the Islamic Community of the Republic of 
Turkey; and Ahmad Muhammad Ali, the newly elected secretary 
general of the Islamic World League. 
  The letter says: After our fraternal and friendly visit and 
the hospitality you granted us, the delegation of the [Bosnian] 
Islamic Community returned to Sarajevo hoping for peace and an 
end to the tragedy of the Bosnian people. Unfortunately, we 
found only blood and tears in Sarajevo: the blood of innocent 
civilians killed by the aggressor's shells and tears of 
thousands of bereaved mothers, fathers, brothers, and sisters 
who are the victims of evil crimes of the kind the world has not 
yet experienced. [passage omitted] 
  We are not addressing Butrus-Ghali or the European and other 
unions, for they all remain deaf to all our appeals, to the 
screams of innocent people, women and children, coming both from 
the concentration camp in Sarajevo and from farther afield in 
the Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina. 
  We are not appealing to their consciences any more, to their 
alleged democratic principles and human rights, for we have 
deeply understood that they only deceive the weak ones and lie 
to them. 
  We are informing you as our brothers about the aggressors 
killing innocent children on snow slopes, in front of Europe and 
the world, who are just watching it calmly because the victims 
are Bosnian Muslims, who they [Europe and the world] denied the 
right to self-defense. 
  We are informing you about how we die every day in the most 
awful ways, and demand that you do something, for everyone else 
has betrayed us and abandoned us. We plead with you to come 
here, to visit us while we are still alive, the letter says. 

