Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report: "Six Members of the Association of Democracy and </F>
People's Livelihood To Be Invited To Be Hong Kong and District 
Affairs Advisers"] 
  [Text] The Association of Democracy and People's 
Livelihood announced yesterday that six of its members were 
invited by China to become Hong Kong affairs and district 
affairs advisers. Chairman Fung Kim-kee and Secretary Cheung 
Ka-min are willing to be Hong Kong affairs advisers; and vice 
chairman Leung Kuang-cheong, Liu Shing- lee, and District Board 
member Ou Neng-fa are willing to become district affairs 
advisers. Another member will make a decision after he finishes 
his consulting work in the district. The association must give 
a reply to the Chinese side tomorrow at the latest. 
  According to a XINHUA official, Liu Shing-lee said, the 
responsibilities of the district affairs advisers will include 
offering advice on essential matters related to the transition, 
popularizing the Basic Law, and making proposals on district 
work. 
  Although the Chinese side has invited us to be Hong Kong 
affairs and district affairs advisers in the capacity as 
individuals, Fung Kim-kee said, the association will regard it 
as a political appointment, which must be conditioned and 
supervised by the association because the association has to 
justify itself before the inhabitants. 

