BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by ITAR-TASS correspondents Viktor Demidenko and </F>
Mikhail Melnik] 
  [Text] Kiev, 21 May -- The Ukrainian Supreme Council has 
suspended the Crimean law that reinstates the constitutional 
foundation of statehood for this autonomous republic. The 
resolution adopted by the Ukrainian Supreme Council proposes 
that within 10 days the Crimean Supreme Council bring the 
Constitution of the Republic of Crimea in line with the 
Constitution of Ukraine and the law on the division of powers 
between the bodies of state power of Ukraine and the Republic of 
Crimea. 
  The Ukraine Supreme Council considers that the Crimean 
parliamentarians, by adopting such a decision, intend to build 
future relations between Ukraine and Crimea on the basis of 
agreements and to introduce Crimean citizenship. In their 
opinion, this is a step toward Crimea's seceding from Ukraine. 
This violates Ukraine's territorial integrity and state 
sovereignty and contradicts the recognized principles of 
international law. According to previously adopted legislative 
acts, the supreme state bodies of the Republic of Crimea do not 
have the right to decide issues that lie exclusively within the 
competence of Ukraine's state bodies, and the volume of the 
powers of the Republic of Crimea cannot be changed without the 
permission of the Ukrainian Supreme Council. 
  The resolution, which has been signed by Aleksandr Moroz, 
head of the Ukrainian parliament, will be deemed invalid if the 
Crimean Supreme Council abolishes the law on the reinstatement 
of the constitutional foundation of the statehood of the 
Republic of Crimea. 

