Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> ["Decree of the Council of Ministers-Government of the </F>
Russian Federation of 23 December 1993 No. 1322, Moscow: `On the 
Procedure for Movement of Goods Not Intended for Production or 
Other Commercial Activity Across the Customs Border of the 
Russian Federation by Individuals'"] 
  [Text] Based on Article 109 of the Russian Federation 
Customs Code, the Council of Ministers-Government of the Russian 
Federation decrees: 
  1. In order to simplify the procedure for movement of goods 
not intended for production or other commercial activity across 
the customs border of the Russian Federation by individuals, 
standard rates of customs payments established by the present 
Decree shall be applied for said movement. 
  The aforementioned payments shall include all customs fees 
due and payable as specified by Article 110 of the Russian 
Federation Customs Code except for storage of goods and 
transportation vehicles and customs fees for customs 
documentation of goods and transportation vehicles in individual 
cases determined by the State Customs Committee of the Russian 
Federation in coordination with the Ministry of Finance of the 
Russian Federation. 
  2. It shall be established that upon movement of goods not 
intended for production or other commercial activity (with the 
exception of transportation vehicles indicated in Point 6 of the 
present Decree) across the customs border of the Russian 
Federation by individuals: 
  a) individuals may with full exemption from customs fees 
collected according to the standard rate: 
  --bring in when crossing the customs border of the Russian 
Federation goods with an overall value of up to $2,000, 
inclusive; 
  --take out when crossing the customs border of the Russian 
Federation goods with an overall value not exceeding 50 times 
the minimum monthly wage established by law, inclusive; 
  --receive goods sent through international postal dispatches 
with an overall value of up to $200, inclusive; 
  --send outside the Russian Federation in international 
postal 
dispatches goods with an overall value not exceeding five times 
the minimum monthly wage established by law, inclusive. 
  Individuals residing permanently in the Russian Federation 
who have remained in foreign countries continuously for more 
than six months may bring in when crossing the customs border of 
the Russian Federation goods with an overall value of up to 
$5,000, inclusive. 
  Individuals who have moved to reside permanently in the 
Russian Federation from foreign countries (except states of the 
former USSR) may bring in goods with an overall value of up to 
$10,000 inclusive, and individuals moving out of the Russian 
Federation for permanent residence in foreign states (except 
states of the former USSR) may take out goods with an overall 
value not in excess of 500 times the amount of the minimum wage 
established by law, inclusive; 
  b) irrespective of subpoint "a" of the present point, goods 
with excise taxes and goods on which the customs duty is more 
than 1.5 times the average level of taxation, calculated by the 
State Customs Committee of the Russian Federation in conjunction 
with the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation, and also 
goods that are objects of licensing when they are brought in 
(taken out), may be brought in (taken out) and sent in 
international postal dispatches without the collection of 
customs fees calculated according to the standard rate in a 
limited quantity established by the State Customs Committee of 
the Russian Federation with the consent of the Ministry of 
Finance of the Russian Federation. 
  When goods on a list drawn up by the State Customs Committee 
of the Russian Federation in coordination with the Ministry of 
Finance of the Russian Federation exceed three times the 
established quantity and more, the part in excess shall not be 
subject to exemption according to the simplified preferential 
procedure; 
  c) goods brought in by individuals crossing the customs 
border of the Russian Federation and sent in to the Russian 
Federation in international postal dispatches whose value 
exceeds the quota established in subpoint "a" of the present 
point within the range of up to $10,000 inclusive (up to $2,000 
inclusive--for international postal dispatches) shall have 
customs fees imposed for the amount of this excess according to 
the standard rate in the amount of 60 percent of the customs 
value; 
  d) goods taken out by individuals crossing the customs 
border 
of the Russian Federation and sent out of the Russian Federation 
in international postal dispatches whose value exceeds the quota 
established in subpoint "a" of the present point within the 
range of up to 500 times the amount of the minimum monthly labor 
compensation established by law, inclusive (up to 50 times the 
amount of the minimum monthly labor compensation established by 
law, inclusive--for international postal dispatches), shall have 
customs fees on the part in excess imposed according to the 
standard rate in the amount of 60 percent of the customs value; 
  e) the rates established in subpoints "c" and "d" of the 
present point shall be applied in all other cases when 
individuals bring in (take out) and send goods not intended for 
production or other commercial activity and also in cases where 
individual goods indicated in subpoint "b" of the present point 
are brought in (taken out) and sent in excess of the established 
limited quantities within the range of up to three times these 
quantities; 
  f) when the quotas established in subpoints "c" and "d" of 
the present point are exceeded, the general procedure and 
conditions of tariff and nontariff regulation (measures of 
economic policy), taxation, and customs documentation envisioned 
for participants in foreign economic activity shall be applied. 
This procedure and these conditions shall not be applied within 
the limits of the aforementioned quotas; 
  g) the standard rates of customs fees envisioned by 
subpoints 
"c" and "d" of the present point shall be applied to all 
categories of goods. 
  3. The customs value of goods for which the standard rate of 
custom payments is established shall be determined according to 
the simplified procedure established by the State Customs 
Committee of the Russian Federation in coordination with the 
Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation. 
  4. The intended purpose of goods shall be established by 
customs organs of the Russian Federation based on the nature, 
quantity, and frequency of movement of the goods, taking into 
account all the circumstances of the journey of the individual 
and provided there are no grounds for assuming that the goods 
are being moved across the customs border for purposes other 
than private consumption or consumption by the individual and 
members of his family. 
  5. With respect to former USSR citizens who bring goods in 
or 
take them out in connection with resettlement in a new permanent 
residence within former USSR states and also individuals 
declared according to the established procedure to be refugees 
and who have been forced to resettle, the norms envisioned by 
Point 2 of the present Decree shall not be applied except for 
the norms envisioned in subpoint "b" of the present point. The 
aforementioned citizens may take goods in or out without 
collection of customs fees established according to the standard 
rate on the condition that these goods are not intended for 
production or other commercial activity. 
  6. It shall be established that when individuals take across 
the customs border of the Russian Federation transportation 
vehicles not intended for production or other commercial 
activity (group 8703 of the Foreign Economic Activity Commodity 
Classification): 
  a) new transportation vehicles (with a period of operation 
outside the Russian Federation of up to one year or with mileage 
up to 20,000 kilometers) whose country of origin is a foreign 
country (except former USSR republics), if the engine capacity 
of this transportation vehicle exceeds 1,800 cubic centimeters, 
may be brought into the Russian Federation only with payment of 
the customs fee calculated according to the standard rate, 
irrespective of the category of individual bringing them in; 
  b) individuals who have spent more than six months in 
foreign 
countries (except former USSR states) may bring in without 
collection of customs fees calculated according to the standard 
rate when crossing the customs border of the Russian Federation 
one transportation vehicle whose country of origin is a foreign 
country (except former USSR states). 
  Individuals located in former USSR states may bring in, 
regardless of how long they have been in the aforementioned 
states, without collection of customs fees calculated according 
to the standard rate when crossing the customs border of the 
Russian Federation only one transportation vehicle whose country 
of origin is a former USSR state; 
  c) in connection with repeated crossing of the customs 
border 
of the Russian Federation and difficulties in calculating time 
spent abroad, certain categories of individuals residing 
permanently in the Russian Federation whose work envisions 
periodic performance of duties outside the Russian Federation 
may bring in without collection of customs fees calculated 
according to the standard rate one transportation vehicle whose 
country of origin of a foreign country (except former USSR 
states) on the condition that the transportation vehicle they 
bring in will not be alienated or turned over for use or 
possession to another individual for two years after it is 
brought in. 
  The list of categories of the aforementioned individuals 
shall be determined by the State Customs Committee in 
conjunction with the Ministry of Labor of the Russian Federation 
and the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation; 
  d) transportation vehicles whose country of origin is a 
foreign state (except former USSR states) brought in by 
individuals temporarily, for a period of up to one year, shall 
be exempted from payment of customs fees calculated according to 
the standard rate on the condition that during the course of 
this period said transportation vehicle is not turned over to 
another individual for use or possession; 
  e) in the event envisioned by subpoint "a" of the present 
point, if the individual fails to observe the conditions of 
subpoints "b"-"d" of the present point and also in all other 
cases for transportation vehicles whose country of origin is a 
foreign state (except former USSR states) that is brought in to 
the Russian Federation by an individual, a standard rate of 
customs fees shall be established in the amount of 5 ECU's per 
cubic centimeter of engine capacity; 
  f) transportation vehicles whose country of origin is Russia 
or other former USSR states shall be brought into the Russian 
Federation by individuals without the collection of customs fees 
calculated according to the standard rate if the individual 
brings one transportation vehicle in during a calendar year and 
does not alienate it and does not turn said transportation 
vehicle over to another individual for possession or use within 
two years after the time it is brought in. 
  If individuals fail to observe the aforementioned 
conditions, 
customs fees shall be imposed on the transportation vehicle at 
the standard rate in the amount of 2 ECU's per one cubic 
centimeter of engine capacity; 
  g) transportation vehicles shall be taken out of the Russian 
Federation by individuals without the collection of customs fees 
calculated at the standard rate if the individual takes out one 
transportation vehicle during the calendar year. 
  If an individual fails to observe the aforementioned 
condition, a standard rate of customs fees in the amount of 1 
ECU per one cubic centimeter of engine capacity shall be 
established for the transportation vehicle. 
  7. Individuals shall send transportation vehicles to other 
individuals in keeping with the general procedure and conditions 
for tariff and nontariff regulation, taxation, and customs 
documentation envisioned for participants in foreign economic 
activity. 
  8. Before 1 January 1994 the State Customs Committee of the 
Russian Federation shall establish detailed rules for 
individuals bringing goods in and out in keeping with the 
present Decree and the norms of customs legislation of the 
Russian Federation. 
  9. The procedure for shipment established in keeping with 
the 
present Decree shall be applied effective 1 January 1994. 
  [Signed] Chairman of the Council of Ministers-Government of 
the Russian Federation V. Chernomyrdin 

