Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, January 30 (XINHUA) -- The Democratic 
People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) today accused the United 
States of strengthening its military forces in South Korea, 
warning that the moves could bring the situation on the Korean 
peninsula to the brink of war. 
  A spokesman from the Committee for the Peaceful 
Reunification 
of the Fatherland said in a statement that the U.S. military 
activity was a grave provocation which will never be tolerated. 
  According to reports, the United States has sent a "U.S. 
state intelligence-supporting team" to South Korea aimed at 
intensifying its activities for selecting intelligence about the 
DPRK. The reports also say the U.S. plans to deploy Patriot 
missiles in South Korea. 
  Meanwhile, the United States has stated that it will stage 
other types of joint military exercises with South Korea to 
replace the "Team Spirit" exercise which may be halted this year. 
  The statement from DPRK said the move by U.S. and South 
Korean military was a well planned provocation which will drive 
the situation on the Korean peninsula to the brink of war. 
  It has also created an obstacle for the solution of the 
nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula, the statement added. 
  The spokesman declared that the DPRK has prepared either for 
dialogue or for war. "Our people will never tolerate these 
dangerous hostile acts or the latest war provocation moves of 
the U.S. and South Korean rulers," he stressed. 
  He demanded that the United States stop the provocation and 
immediately withdraw its troops, intelligence personnel and 
nuclear weapons from South Korea. 

