BFN 

  [Text] The All-Russia Communist Party conference held in 
Zvenigorod on Sunday and attended by about 300 delegates, 
adopted a minimum-program guided by tactical considerations. 
  According to it, the Communist Party will work for the 
formation of a government of national trust accountable to the 
Federal Assembly, organize a nationwide discussion of a new 
constitution and ensure its adoption by the actual majority of 
electors. It will also work for the adoption of a new election 
law, the restoration of the Soviet system and of the union, the 
denunciation of the Belovezhskaya Pushcha agreement, and the 
implementation of an independent foreign policy reflecting the 
tendencies in world development and Russia's national and state 
interests. 
  The Communist Party will also work for changing the economic 
course, for a switch-over to state regulation and for the 
prevention of industrial decline and inflation. 
  It will ensure the restoration of the Russian citizens' 
guaranteed social and economic rights to work, recreation, 
housing, free education, health care and pensions. 
  The Communist Party opposes the practice of discrediting the 
Soviet history and Lenin's theory, and also the policy of 
Americanization, violence, profiteering and immorality. 
  As before, the Communist Party will have the red banner and 
symbol-the hammer and sickle. The party's motto is: "Russia, 
Labor, Democracy, Socialism." 
  At the end of the conference the delegates sang the 
Internationale. 

