BFN 

  [Text] The Movement of Islamic Rebirth of Tajikistan was 
prepared to consider the draft agreement on a temporary 
cease-fire on the Tajik-Afghan border and will implement it 
after the agreement is signed. This was said in a statement 
circulated by the movement today. 
  The statement underlined that during the inter-Tajik talks 
in 
Moscow in April the opposition delegation had put forward a 
draft agreement on a temporary cease-fire. However, the "other 
party had not wanted even to discuss the draft which proved the 
destructive position taken by the Dushanbe regime." 
  The statement also pointed out that the Tajik opposition did 
not threaten security of Tajikistan, Russia, and CIS states. 
"We, Tajik citizens temporarily situated beyond the borders of 
our Republic, want to go back to our Motherland and live in our 
houses," the statement said. 
  "Real threat for Tajikistan and other CIS states stems from 
the forces hampering the peace settlement of the conflict," the 
statement emphasized. It also stressed that the opposition 
sought political settlement of the conflict. "We have nothing 
against the CIS Joint Peacekeeping Forces stationed in 
Tajikistan for defense from external offensives." 
  "Our struggle is not aimed against any particular country. 
This is a conflict between the Tajik opposition and a narrow 
circle of people made us leave our Republic," the statement 
underlined. 

