BFN 

<F P=106> [NG report under the "In Brief" rubric: "A Second Kite"] </F>
  [Text] A high-ranking representative of the Kremlin, 
expressing his personal point of view in an interview for 
INTERFAX, has not ruled out that the Russian president might 
call a national referendum on extending the head of state's 
powers for another term. Commenting -- on condition of anonymity 
-- on Federation Council Speaker Vladimir Shumeyko's initiative 
calling for extending the powers of the parliamentarians and the 
head of state, he noted that Boris Yeltsin "has every chance of 
winning the 1996 presidential elections and, to all appearances, 
will not agree to the State Duma's and the Federation Council's 
deciding on the question of his powers." At the same time, the 
INTERFAX interlocutor conceded that Vladimir Shumeyko's 
proposals for extending the deputies' term of office for another 
two years "has logic and a profound sense," because this 
initiative would enable most parliamentarians who lack political 
experience to be "road-tested" and concentrate in the next few 
years on lawmaking activity. This has confirmed analysts' views 
that Mr. Shumeyko continues to act as a middleman at the request 
of top Kremlin officials from a party supporting President 
Yeltsin. By taking this step they have delivered a blow at 
their opponents who have been trying to win Yeltsin over, or, as 
a last-resort measure, to make sure that he is ousted in the 
next elections. According to reports from alternative sources, 
INTERFAX's interlocutor was a man with a beard. 

