CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Jie Sishen [6043 1835 3234], Liu Wei [0491 4850] </F>
et al. of the CAS Institute of Physics, Beijing 100080: 
``Research on New Carbon Nanometer Tubes''; MS received 24 Mar 
93, revised 28 Jun 93] 
  [Abstract] The authors report their discovery of two new 
types of carbon nanotubes, with quasi-rectangular and 
quasi-triangular transverse cross sections, respectively. These 
10-21-nm-diameter carbon tubes have been fabricated via electric 
arc discharge with the following parameters: externally applied 
voltage is 20 V, dc current is about 200 A, helium gas pressure 
within the discharge chamber is about 500 x 133.332 Pa, and 
diameters of the two graphite rods used as discharge electrodes 
are 6 mm and 20 mm. Figure 1 below shows high-resolution 
electron micrographs of the carbon nanotubes; Figure 1(a) 
indicates that the carbon nanotube consists of two-layer or 
multilayer coaxial carbon films, with the cap sealed by a 
conical carbon film. Figure 1(b) shows a transverse cross 
section with two types of structures -- one type consists of the 
traditional quasi-concentric circles while the second (first 
newly discovered) type consists of quasi-rectangles (upper right 
part of figure). The second newly discovered type of carbon 
nanotube, with a quasi-triangular transverse cross section, is 
shown below in Figure 2. 

<FIG ID=JPRS-CST-004-10A>      Figure 1. High-Resolution Electron Micrographs of Carbon </FIG>


<FIG ID=JPRS-CST-004-10B>      Figure 2. High-Resolution TEM Micrograph of Carbon Nanotube With Quasi-Triangular Transverse Cross Section </FIG>

References 
  1. Iijima, S., NATURE, 1991, 354: 56-58. 
  2. Mackay, A. L., Terrones, H., NATURE, 1991, 352: 762. 
  3. Lenosky, T., Gonze, J., Teter, M., et al., NATURE, 1992, 
355: 333. 
  4. Vanderbilt, D., Tersoff, J., PHYS. REV. LETT., 1992, 68: 
511. 
  5. Ebbesen, T. W., Ajayan, P. M., NATURE, 1992, 358: 220. 

