BFN 

  [Text] Kigali, June 9 (AFP) -- Rwandan Army and rebel 
commanders adjourned truce talks Thursday [9 June] without 
reaching agreement but scheduled another round for Saturday, the 
United Nations said. 
  The UN official chairing the talks, Brigadier-General Henry 
Anyidoho of Ghana, said the two sides were working on a draft 
accord spelling out the terms of a ceasefire and that both 
delegations had proposed amendments. 
  The discussions at the United Nations headquarters at a 
Kigali hotel were held in a tense atmosphere, beginning shortly 
after a rocket-propelled grenade slammed into the building. 
  Anyidoho said the attack appeared to be deliberate. "It 
cannot have been an accident, it was a direct hit," he said. 
  A UN armoured personnel carrier bringing the army delegation 
to the talks narrowly escaped being hit by mortar fire as 
battles raged in several parts of Kigali. 
  Truce talks between General Marcel Gatsinzi of the army and 
Colonel Frank Mugambage of the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front 
adjourned Wednesday after "very positive" exchanges, a UN 
spokesman said, though he added that "a lot of work is still to 
be done." 
  Thursday's session was the fourth of so far inconclusive 
negotiations between the two sides. 
  The talks resumed amid news of massacres of clergymen by 
both 
sides. The rebels admitted that "uncontrolled elements" had 
killed 13 priests including the archbishop of Kigali and two 
bishops last week in Kabgayi, 50 kilometres (30 miles) 
south-west of Kigali. 

