Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Raul Gutierrez from the "24 Hours" newscast] </F>
  [Text] The government's announcement of a reduction in the 
expense budget coincided with former President Alfonso Lopez' 
criticism of the way the economy is being handled. The budget 
reduction is taking place at a time when criticism of the 
government for excessive expenditures in the public sector has 
increased. This confirms the saying that where there's smoke, 
there's fire. 
  Finance Minister Rudolf Hommes said the goal is to reduce 
the 
fiscal deficit to zero and to leave a healthy economy for the 
next administration. 
  [Begin Hommes recording] We are guaranteeing macroeconomic 
stability this year. There will be no pressure to make changes, 
which was a valid concern for exporters. Also, there will be no 
pressure concerning interest rates because we will [words 
indistinct]. [end recording] 
  The piece cut from the budget pie includes 171 billion pesos 
in operating funds and 98 billion pesos in investment funds. 
The latter include 50 billion pesos Congress hurriedly approved 
and earmarked for the legislative expense budget. 
  When the minister was asked about former President Alfonso 
Lopez' criticism of the way the economy is being handled, Hommes 
admitted that the budget cuts are a way of correcting things, 
but he insisted that the cost of living for this year should be 
19 percent as planned rather than the 21 percent suggested by 
Lopez. 

