Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] San Jose, 6 Feb (DPA) -- Costa Rican President-elect 
Jose Maria Figueres promised today to form a government "for 
those in greater need," encourage health and social welfare 
programs, and establish a family basket that will protect 
workers wages. 
  In his first statements following his victory in the Sunday 
elections, Figueres, a 39-year-old engineer and businessman 
stated that Costa Rica must "conduct itself intelligently" in 
confronting the challenges of the world economy. He insisted on 
the need to encourage technological development as well as 
promote competition among productive enterprise. The new 
president promised to encourage small businesses and to continue 
promoting a process of industrial modernization in Costa Rica. 
  Figueres refused to talk about his plans for the first 100 
days of his administration and said that his task will be 
oriented to the four years of his government which is scheduled 
to being on 8 May. He reiterated his commitment to control 
increases in the cost of living with the establishment of a 
"modern family basket." 
  The president-elect added that his administration will 
double 
housing programs, stress preventive health programs, and reopen 
health clinics in the rural areas which were closed by the 
current Social Christian government of President Rafael 
Calderon. He indicated that he will further plans to raise the 
quality of education, include a second language in the primary 
and secondary school programs as well as promote sports 
activities. 

