CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by reporter Ying Yan'an [2019 1693 1344]: "Shanghai </F>
Becomes Nuclear Power Equipment Manufacturing Base, Successive 
Power Generation at Qinshan and Daya Bay Nuclear Power Plants 
Shows China's Nuclear Power Industry Has Entered a New 
Development Phase"] 
  [Text] I learned from the Shanghai Municipality Nuclear 
Society's Special Nuclear Power Equipment Commission established 
on 8 April 1994 that successive connection to the grid and power 
generation at Qinshan Nuclear Power Plant and Daya Bay Nuclear 
Power Plant are indications that China's nuclear power industry 
has entered a new development phase. Now, Shanghai's power plant 
industry, which was involved in manufacturing the equipment for 
both nuclear power plants, has signed a technical agreement to 
manufacture the equipment for two 600MW nuclear power plants for 
the second phase at Qinshan, and the manufacturing contract for 
part of the equipment for the 300MW nuclear power plant to be 
exported to Pakistan has also been signed, making Shanghai 
China's nuclear power equipment manufacturing base area. 
Shanghai Municipality Deputy Mayor Zhao Qizheng [6392 0796 2973] 
attended the meeting and gave a speech. 
  Shanghai has already invested nearly 200 million yuan to 
develop our nuclear power industry and it has completed several 
nuclear power technical measures capital construction projects 
on a substantial scale with a total structural area of 93,000 
square meters, including seven 100- to 400-ton plant buildings. 
The Shanghai Municipal Government has also included nuclear 
power as one of Shanghai Municipality's 14 projects to attack 
key problems in integrating S&amp;T with production. Since 
starting 
in 1988, Shanghai Municipality's financial administration has 
issued over 13 million yuan in loans to support attacks on key 
S&amp;T problems in nuclear power projects, and by the end of 
1993 
it had established 88 topics, 62 of which had passed examination 
and acceptance. At the same time, with support from the relevant 
ministries, commissions, and offices of the State Council, 11 of 
the topics among the State's projects to attack key problems 
related to 600MW nuclear power projects during the Eighth 5-Year 
Plan have been assigned to Shanghai Municipality and it has 
allocated more than 12 million yuan in funds to spur Shanghai to 
improve its nuclear power equipment manufacturing capabilities. 
  To ensure that the tasks for the Qinshan second-phase 
nuclear 
power project and the Pakistan nuclear power project are 
completed, Shanghai has decided to invest an additional 200 
million yuan-plus in capital during the Eighth 5-Year Plan for 
technical upgrading to fill in and supplement the more than 20 
plants that will assume responsibility for nuclear power tasks, 
and the municipality plans to gradually form an annual 
production capacity to produce 1 to 1.5 sets of nuclear power 
equipment during the Ninth 5-Year Plan. 

