In      an apparent attempt to blunt Seoul's charge that the North is 
trying to circumvent the ROK Government's authority, Pyongyang is 
now suggesting that it would not oppose an eventual South Korean 
role in a new security setup on the Korean peninsula.  A 6 May 
Foreign Ministry spokesman's statement intimated that the North- 
South joint military committee called for by the 1991 
nonaggression pact could be revived once the armistice accord is 
replaced by a "new system of guaranteeing peace" (Pyongyang 
radio, 6 May).  In fact, the statement said, the new security 
system would "facilitate the effectuation" of the 1991 pact. 
Under the terms of the 1991 pact, the joint military committee, 
which was established in 1992 but never put into operation, was 
to deal with inter-Korean security affairs. 
  Despite its endorsement of one of the provisions of the 
nonaggression pact, the 6 May statement reiterated Pyongyang's 
contention that negotiations on the truce accord must be 
conducted bilaterally between Pyongyang and Washington (Trends of 
4 May 1994, pages).  North Korea had implicitly abandoned 
this position in December 1991, when it signed the nonaggression 
pact with the South--an agreement that treats the armistice 
question as an inter-Korean issue.  In recent months Pyongyang 
media had been claiming that the nonaggression accord was no 
longer valid (KCNA, 29 March). 
  (AUTHOR:  YIM.  QUESTIONS AND/OR COMMENTS, PLEASE CALL CHIEF, 
ASIA DIVISION ANALYSIS TEAM, (703) 733-6534.) 
EAG/HEBBEL/LRT 9/2100Z MAY 94 

