BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Pavel Kuznetsov] </F>
  [Text] Moscow April 22 TASS -- The State Duma, Russian 
parliament's lower house, has considered multiple infringements 
of electoral rights of citizens, which allegedly took place at 
the elections to St. Petersburg City Assembly, and proposed that 
the Russian procurator-general's office and the Central 
Electoral Commission look into this matter. 
  The legislators also proposed that Russian President Boris 
Yeltsin take necessary measures in regard of St. Petersburg 
officials on the results of the inquiry. 
  According to Deputy Vladimir Ryzhkov, who has submitted the 
draft proposal in question, the elections to St. Petersburg City 
Assembly were held on March 20, 1994 in accordance with an 
instruction prepared by St. Petersburg Mayor Anatoliy Sobchak. 
However, sufficient number of voters turned up only in 25 out 
of 50 electoral districts. 
  In this connection, the St. Petersburg mayor instructed to 
prolong the election campaign by one day and lift some of the 
restrictions, which earlier barred certain categories of 
citizens from participating in the elections. Remarkably, these 
restrictions had been introduced by Sobchak himself. 
  St. Petersburg procurator has now appealed to the court with 
a statement, describing Sobchak's instruction as unlawful, 
because the mayor exceeded his powers specified in President 
Yeltsin's decree "on reforming bodies of state power in St. 
Petersburg". 

