BFN 

    [Editorial Report] The following is a compilation of 
reports on economic activities in Peru through 14 April: 
  The Overseas Economic Corporation Fund of Japan will grant 
$21.5 million loan to Peru to co-finance health services 
projects; the IDB also agreed to grant $68 million to partially 
finance them. (Lima EL COMERCIO in Spanish 30 Mar 94 p 1) 
  Central Reserve Bank, BCR, President German Suarez Chavez 
has 
reported that the Peruvian financial system is obtaining an 
average $120 million per month abroad, which implies a major 
effort by the institution to increase its real U.S. dollar 
value. Suarez said that in March the BCR purchased $160 million 
on the exchange market to maintain the U.S. dollar real value. 
(Lima EL PERUANO in Spanish 30 Mar 94 Political Section p B2) 
  Peruvian Foreign Minister Efrain Goldenberg and German 
Ambassador to Peru Franz von Mentzingen signed a 140-million 
mark, $70-million, cooperation agreement to implement potable 
water, and sewage system projects. The German Government is 
granting 30 million marks of this loan as non-reimbursable 
financial cooperation to build the Chiclacho sewerage system. 
(Lima Radio Programas del Peru Network in Spanish 1800 GMT 11 
Apr 94) 
  The Cuanto organization has stated that the March inflation 
rate stood at 2.6 percent, while Apoyo stated that it stood at 
2.3 percent. Cuanto reported that the accumulated inflation 
rate for the year's first three months was 6.1 percent, while 
Apoyo reported that it was 5.7 percent. (Lima LA REPUBLICA in 
Spanish 1 Apr 94 p 11) 
  Energy and Mines Minister Daniel Hokama Tokashiki on 4 April 
reported that two major Japanese banks will invest $200 million 
to finance electrification projects in rural zones. The first 
stage will be implemented in Puno Department and will benefit 
more than 1.8 million poor people. (Lima EXPRESO in Spanish 5 
Apr 94 p A12) 
  The World Bank has granted a $34 million loan to Peru to 
finance 76 percent of the Health Ministry basic health and 
nutrition program in 200 shantytowns of the Lima District of San 
Juan de Lurigancho, and in the Grau, Inca, and Northeastern 
Maranon regions. (Lima EL COMERCIO in Spanish 6 Apr 94 p 1) 
  The Inter-American Development Bank has agreed to a 
$400-million loan to Peru to be disbursed this year for 
agricultural, health, and education projects and to provide 
financial assistance to companies and customs, among others. 
(Madrid EFE in Spanish 1746 GMT 10 Apr 94) 

