BFN 

  [Text] TALLINN, Apr 14, BNS -- An unofficial meeting of 
border officials from Estonia and Russia today failed to settle 
the issue of possible deportation of illegal refugees back to 
Russia. The head of Estonia's northeastern border section, Riho 
Breivel, who represented Estonia at the meeting, said he had 
handed over to his Russian counterpart, Col. Viktor Kolotukhin, 
a formal application to send back to Russia the citizens of 
third countries, including the Kurds, who arrive in Estonia 
illegally. 
  "The representative of Russia was yet unable to announce to 
us any formal position on the issue, since they have an 
investigation still under way," Breivel said, adding that a 
solution to the issue was expected at an official meeting of 
border representatives. He expressed hope that Russia would 
propose a date for the official meeting "quite soon." 
  "We have achieved rather good cooperation with the Russian 
side and also the Russian border guards understand the problems 
that have emerged," he said. 
  Another meeting, in the village of Kruppa on the borderline 
between Estonia and Russia in Estonia's southeast on Wednesday 
[13 April], beside the illegal immigrants issue discussed 
introducing tighter controls on the borderline, which Estonia 
regards only as a temporary control line between the countries. 
The meeting was attended by the head of command of the Estonian 
Border Guard Department, Aare Evisalu, head of the service 
department Edgar Aaro, and the head of Russia's regional group 
of border forces at Pskov, Ltn. Gen. Viktor Kostenko. 

