BFN 

  [Text] Ljubljana, May 9 (TANJUG) -- Slovenian Internal 
Affairs Ministry Monday denied reports that an Italian court had 
ordered the seizure of a ship being built at the Viareggio 
shipyard for Slovenian police. The ministry said the ship had 
been paid for, but that its agent -- which is in financial 
difficulties -- did not pay the entire amount of over three 
million German marks to the shipyard. A Slovenian police 
spokesman said that the Italian court had seized the vessel from 
the shipyard due to the debt, and that Slovenia would get it 
when it is finished. The ship is to be the first war vessel of 
the Slovenian Army. It is believed that this issue could 
aggravate the already tense relations between Slovenia and 
Italy, characterized by many disputes such as the issue of the 
border demarcation between Italy and this former western 
Yugoslav republic. 
  There have been growing though as yet unofficial demands in 
Italy for a revision of borders, with the explanation that the 
demarcation agreement now in force had been signed with the 
former Yugoslav Federation and not with Slovenia. An article 
carried by the IL PICCOLO daily warns that the vessel in 
question is not a police patrol boat but a real war vessel 
equipped with seven radars, underwater television cameras, 
infrared viewing systems and other sophisticated equipment. 

