Language: <F P=105> Slovak </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Lieutenant General Anton Slimak, "interim </F>
rector" of the Liptovsky Mikulas Military Academy, by Maria 
Tolnayova in Liptovsky Mikulas; date not given: "Future Lies in 
Integration"] 
  [Excerpts] Liptovsky Mikulas--The post-November 1989 
changes and the founding of an independent Slovak Republic and, 
hence, of a new army have called forth changes in the system of 
military education as well. [passage omitted] 
  There was no other way but to transform this type of school. 
The founding of the Liptovsky Mikulas Military Academy [VVLM] 
was the first stage of this transformation. 
<H5>  What Kind of Experts Do We Need? </H5>
  This is a question of principle, Lieutenant General Engineer 
Anton Slimak, whom the minister of defense and the Slovak 
president charged with acting as the VVLM interim commander and 
rector, told us. The problem is that we know our needs--that is, 
who must be added where for the Army to be functional--only from 
today's perspective. Because the Army of the Slovak Republic 
[ASR] is facing the exacting task of transforming itself, hardly 
anyone can say today what we will require three years from now, 
for example. Yet the system of education must be at least one 
step ahead. The VVLM, which is the legal successor to the former 
VVTS [Military Technical College] in this city and to the 
Military Pedagogical College in Bratislava, educates at four 
faculties specialists for ground troops, air defense, logistics, 
and command and control of arms systems. [passage omitted] 
  The VVLM has taken over all students of higher military 
educational establishments who studied in the Czech Republic. 
They represent a full one-third of the 12,000 students who 
currently attend the VVLM. Many of them were studying in highly 
specialized fields with a small number of students, and their 
further placement was problematic. It was not possible to 
establish a chair for two or three students. The Ministry of 
Defense therefore concluded an agreement with the Ministry of 
Education and, subsequently, with individual universities, under 
which these students study according to the programs of studies 
of the relevant [nonmilitary] faculties. This also applies to 
the study of general medicine. Physicians for Army needs used to 
be trained at the Military Medical Academy at Hradec Kralove [in 
the Czech Republic]. Its students have transferred to the P.J. 
Safarik University in Kosice, and the first year of the study of 
medicine for the ASR's needs has been opened at the Medical 
School of Jesenius University in Martin. On the basis of 
experience from cooperation with these civilian schools, we will 
also reorganize studies at the VVLM. A total of 64 
specializations are at present being studied within the 
framework of the Army. This is a phenomenon that must be 
radically reassessed, says Anton Slimak. [passage omitted] 

