Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Oleg Velichko] </F>
  [Text] Moscow, 11 Jan -- Active consultations are under 
way in the Russian Federation Government on the new composition 
of the cabinet. 
  We recall that the president of Russia, having signed a 
decree "On the structure of federal executive bodies," has 
defined the new government as being five people -- a chairman, 
two first deputies and two vice-premiers. 
  ITAR-TASS has been told by a reliable source in the 
government that the new government will be as little changed as 
possible, despite the reduction in numbers. Judging by all 
accounts, the candidates for the two first deputy chairmen of 
the government have already been decided. Oleg Soskovets and 
Yegor Gaydar will retain their former posts as first 
vice-premiers. This is shown by the fact that they have both 
taken an active part in drafting the president's decree on 
reforming the government. 
  The source also noted that members of the government will be 
of similar outlook, as they say, to Viktor Chernomyrdin and 
share his views on the implementation of economic reforms in the 
country. On the basis of that, the source said, it is most 
likely that the vice-premiers' posts will be taken by Aleksandr 
Zaveryukha, who is responsible for the agricultural sector in 
the government, and Yuriy Yarov, who is in charge of social 
issues. 

