BFN 

  [Text] Only after mines are removed from the zone of 
disengagement of the Georgian and Abkhaz units along the Inguri 
river shall the first two Russian peacekeeping battalions be 
sent to the conflict zone, Defense Minister Pavel Grachev told 
journalists after the Federation Council ratified the 
presidential decree on Russia's involvement in the peacekeeping 
operation in Abkhazia. 
  According to representatives of the defense ministry who 
took 
part in the session of the Federation Council, the decree was 
supported in a 101 to 5 vote with five abstentions. The media 
has not yet received the official results of voting. 
  Grachev also said that two Russian battalions will be moved 
to this region from Batumi soon. A battalion of the 345th 
airborne regiment, located in Gudauta, will also be sent to the 
conflict zone. 
  If three battalions prove to be insufficient, two more 
peacekeeping battalions, located in the Volga and Leningrad 
military districts, will be sent to Abkhazia, said Grachev. He 
added that the peacekeeping battalions would be about 3,000 
strong. 
  He said that the participation of peacekeeping forces from 
other CIS countries was problematical. He noted, however, that 
next September the heads of the CIS countries would discuss the 
peacekeeping operation in the zone of the Georgian-Abkhazian 
conflict. 
  The heads of state must decide whether to send peacekeeping 
units to Abkhazia or only to finance the operation, Grachev said. 

