CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Ke Jixuan [2688 4764 6513]: ``Seven </F>
Optoelectronic Products from Institute 44 Unveiled''] 
  [Summary] MEI Institute 44 recently completed development 
of a series of seven new optoelectronic products--including 
couplers, isolators, and converters--with applications in modern 
radar systems. These new products, which have passed design 
finalization, are: the GH1204U high-voltage-transmission 
optoelectronic coupler, designed for radar transmitters and 
civilian power systems; the GG2240I optoelectronic isolator for 
high-speed parallel (8-channel) data transmission, especially in 
warship-borne radar real-time control systems; the GG2150I 
rf-signal optoelectronic coupler, also for warship radars; the 
GG2460I high-speed optoelectronic converter for 60 Mbps digital 
fiber optic transmission systems such as are used in radar echo 
digital signal long-range transmission equipment; the GG2060I 
optoelectronic coupler for high-voltage pulsed measurement, used 
in radar high-voltage isolation circuits and high-accuracy 
pulse-amplitude measurement systems; the GH4563J low-noise, 
high-sensitivity, broad-operating-range PIN-FET 
[positive-intrinsic-negative field effect transistor] module, 
used in video return signal transmission systems; and the 
GH1202Y miniature optoelectronic coupler, for isolated-signal 
transmission and conversion circuits used in amplifiers, voltage 
stabilizers, control protection circuits, switch converters, 
computer interfaces, and pulse digital circuits. 

