Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Sofia, March 14 (BTA) -- Since the beginning of the 
crisis in the former Yugoslavia Bulgaria has been consistently 
supporting all initiatives of the United Nations, NATO, the 
European Union and other international institutions seeking a 
lasting and just solution of the crisis, the Bulgarian Foreign 
Ministry says in a declaration today. 
  The solution of the conflict in Bosnia-Herzegovina is of key 
importance in overcoming the overall crisis on the territory of 
the former Yugoslavia. There are good prospects for restoring 
peace through establishing a federative and confederative 
structure. The growing role of European and international 
institutions, of the United States and Russia is an expression 
of the resolution of the international community to put an end 
to bloodshed in a European country of the 20th century, the 
declaration reads. 
  Here it would be relevant to stress the important role of 
the 
UN peace-keeping forces. At the same time the Bulgarian Foreign 
Ministry would like to recall once again Bulgaria's appeal to 
the Balkan states to refrain from sending their armed forces in 
solving the conflicts in the former Yugoslavia. Decisions on 
this issue should take into account both the need for increasing 
the strength of the UNPROFOR [UN Protection Forces] at present 
and the region's stability in the future. 
  The Bulgarian Foreign Ministry declares once again that the 
Republic of Bulgaria will not take direct or indirect part in 
military operations on the territory of the former Yugoslavia. 

