BFN 

  [Text] Ndjamena, 9 Jun (AFP) -- Ndjamena Radio Nationale 
Tchadienne announced today that the Chadian Army "completely 
destroyed" a base of the rebel Movement for Democracy and 
Development [MDD] during a "tough battle" on a Lake Chad island. 
The state radio announced that "many" rebels were killed in the 
clashes which took place on Baikaram Seguir Island but did not 
give the date. 
  The radio also announced that President Idriss Deby went to 
the island yesterday to "inspect the state of health" of the 
wounded Chadian National Army [ANT] soldiers and "to boost their 
morale." However, the radio did not give the casualty figures on 
the government side. No casualty figures were given for the MDD 
either, which is a political and military movement operating in 
the Lake Chad region led by Brahim Mallah Mahamat. 
  The radio further stated that the MDD Baikaram base on 
Baikaram Island was recaptured by the ANT following a "tough 
battle which completely wiped out the rebels." It also reported 
that some rebels were taken prisoner, while others fled. 
  The radio disclosed that from their Baikaram base, "the 
rebels perpetrated so many crimes against peace-loving citizens 
that the government forces, the guarantors of the security of 
persons and goods, decided to put an end to their presence in 
the region." 
  Yesterday, Prime Minister Delwa Kassire Koumakoye visited 
those who were wounded in the clashes and were evacuated to 
Ndjamena Military Hospital. On leaving the hospital, he 
disclosed that the government would no longer allow the rebels 
to jeopardize national security. He said the Lake Chad incident 
should give other rebel movements operating in several other 
regions "food for thought." 
  The authorities have not reported any major clashes between 
the MDD forces and government troops for several months now. In 
August 1993, the MDD reported clashes with the ANT but Chadian 
Army officials denied those reports. 

