CSO 

<F P=106> [Article signed "The Pacemaker"] </F>
  [Text] You must certainly remember that, as soon as it came 
to power, the New Democracy (ND) government set up a bipartisan 
commission on terrorism, which, however, never functioned. Now, 
Public Order Minister Stelios Papathemelis has chosen immediate 
contacts with political parties by directly informing their 
representatives on this thorny issue. He has thus decided that 
party representatives will be asked to come at regular intervals 
to the offices of the National Intelligence Service (EIP), where 
data resulting from the investigation of terrorist incidents 
will be submitted to them. However, the question is--especially 
if these contacts become permanent--whether party 
representatives will have access to the secret files that the 
General Security keeps (or at least should keep) on terrorism. 
The solution that was found is indeed worthy of Solomon: "There 
is no problem," Papathemelis answered when the question was 
asked: "The party representatives will not understand anything 
from reading these files." Now, of course, you will ask in turn: 
Is there anything from the investigation of terrorist incidents 
that remains secret if one takes into account the fact that the 
antiterrorism services once were considered a sieve? 
  And speaking of terrorism, I will reveal to you that 
Papathemelis will soon announce that a cooperation agreement on 
terrorism has been signed between Greece and Germany. Which 
means that the EIP offices will be visited, not only by CIA 
agents, but by officials of the German security services 
cooperating with the antiterrorism services in developing 
"leads" and exchanging information. 

