Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] A senior official in the Russian defense industry 
who spied for Britain and was detained by the Federal 
Counterintelligence Service, was an agent of the caliber of 
Penkovskiy or Tolkachev, who had spied for the West in 1960s. 
An informed source in the Service told Interfax Wednesday that 
the damage done by that agent could hardly be calculated. 
  According to the FCIS, the spy kept the British services 
informed on the latest Russian weapons, financing of defense 
research and development and Russia's defense technology 
cooperation with other countries. 
  The source said that the report, made public on March 1, 
about the arrest of a Russian citizen who spied for Britain had 
nothing to do with the Ames case in the U.S. he added that 
unlike the Ameses whose cooperation with Russian special 
services had yet to be proven, the Russian citizen had been 
caught in the act (he carried spying equipment and manuals on 
using caches -- IF) and admitted his guilt. 
  The source said that the Western spying services had stepped 
up their activities in Russia. In 1993 alone 20 people were 
convicted for spying. Colonel Baranov of the Intelligence Main 
Office of the General Staff was convicted on February 19. 
  The FCIS official said that the West was trying to pressure 
certain political figures in Russia to impose another 
reshuffling of the Russian intelligence and counterintelligence 
services, thus attempting to paralyze them. 

