CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by I. Nadezhdin "Health Care on Short Rations, </F>
or Revoke the Bank's License"] 
  [Text] For Moscow health-care establishments, the new year 
came with an unpleasant surprise -- no money. Blood banks were 
forced to turn away donors because there was no money to pay 
them. And this at a time when city medical facilities are 
chronically short of donor blood. In 1992, there were 360,000 
registered blood donors; in 1993, there were only 60,000. 
  Why is there no money? Perhaps the government stopped 
funding 
municipal health-care services. On the contrary, Moscow's city 
government made sure well ahead of time that medical 
establishments had enough money to provide a normal level of 
services. As early as last December, the city treasury 
authorized the Commercial People's Bank, where Moscow keeps its 
accounts, to transfer 17 billion rubles for municipal 
health-care needs to the checking account of Moscow's Main 
Medical Authority. However, MMMA received only one-tenth that 
amount. 
  "Bank officials have not provided a satisfactory 
explanation," says Anatoliy Solovyev, head of MMMA. "I consider 
the bank's actions criminal. The funds withheld were not going 
to support salaries and overhead, but to fund vital medical 
services. Many of our patients' lives were jeopardized. The bank 
should have its license pulled for doing this." 

