BFN 

  [Text] The South African Air Force [SAAF] has more Dakotas 
flying for it than almost any other air force. Today one of 
them flew into Britain closing a gap between the SAAF and 
Britain's Royal Air Force, which has existed for more than 30 
years. 
  [Begin recording] [Correspondent Cliff Saunders in 
Cambridge] 
They wanted an old deck, and the South African Air Force gave 
them one. In its colorful career in England, north Africa and 
South Africa, it has clocked 14,400 hours. It flew another 
12,000 kilometers through Africa to reach Cambridge. The 
captain, Lieutenant Colonel Gawie Steenkamp, still has faith in 
the aircraft. 
  [Steenkamp in Afrikaans] I think it's still in a condition 
to 
see another 50 years. 
  [Saunders] Handing over the relevant documents for the 
Dakota 
was chief of the Air Force, Lieutenant General James Kriel. He 
emphasized the excellent contact that had been made by the 
plane's crew on route and was pleased about the event. 
  [Kriel] In a historical sense, this flight can be seen as 
the 
beginning of normalizing relations with other forces after a 
long, sad period of isolation. 
  [Saunders] We spoke to the chairman of Airborne Initiative, 
Mr. Alan Curtis. 
  [Curtis] On November the seventh last year I got a telephone 
call, a magic telephone call, which said: We are going to give 
you a Dakota, and what's more we are going to give you all the 
spares to go with it. [end recording] 

