Language: <F P=105> Georgian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The Georgian Parliament resumed work yesterday under 
the chairmanship of Parliament Speaker Vakhtang Goguadze. 
  In connection with the first issue on the agenda, the 
meeting 
was addressed by the chairman of the Abkhazia Liberation 
Organization, Boris Kakubava, who informed participants about 
his union's attitude towards the issue of Abkhazia, and read out 
the text of a resolution adopted by the union. On behalf of a 
group of deputies from Abkhazia, Boris Kakubava demanded that a 
delegation of refugees from Abkhazia meet Russian President 
Boris Yeltsin during his visit to Georgia. 
  After a short debate, the examination of the issue was 
postponed. 
  After a break, members of parliament once again began a 
discussion of a draft law on arms submitted by Mr. Givi 
Lominadze [chairman of the provisional Committee for Emergencies 
in Western Georgia]. As it was at earlier meetings, the debate 
on this issue was very sharp and it continued for the rest of 
the day. In the end, no decision was adopted on the above 
mentioned draft law and the meeting ended. 
  [Tbilisi Radio Tbilisi Network in Georgian at 1400 GMT on 1 
February carried a live relay of the parliamentary proceedings, 
which was intercepted in progress. A draft law on the 
manufacturing and possession of arms was put to the vote and 
adopted. However, after the vote some members of parliament 
challenged its results, claiming that the results included the 
votes of several deputies not present at the meeting, cast for 
them by their fellow MPs.] 

