BFN 

<F P=106> [Article by Gerard van Nifterik: "Catalyst With UV Light Let </F>
Loose On Nitrogen Oxides"] 
  [Text] Hannover -- A German photo catalytic process using 
ultraviolet light is being utilized to remove nitrogen oxides 
from exhaust fumes. Researchers at the University of Hannover 
developed a process which eliminates nitrogen oxides 
(NO[.sub]x[/]) in exhaust fumes. 
  Nitrogen oxides are released during the burning process. 
Combustion engines are therefore major contributors to the 
emissions of NO[.sub]x[/]. In this country, road traffic is 
by far the largest source of NO[.sub]x[/]. 
  Although it is not yet fully clear how efficient the German 
process is, the researchers are forecasting that it will be able 
to compete with existing methods such as selective catalysis and 
non-catalytic reduction. 
  The technique which has been developed in Hanover sends 
exhaust gases through a titanium dioxide catalyst bed. A 150 
Watt UV lamp has been placed in the same bed. The combination 
of ultraviolet light and the catalyst ensure that the 
NO[.sub]x[/] is then broken down into harmless nitrogen and 
oxygen. Hanover uses grains of TiO[.sub]2[/] with an average 
size of around 200 microns. Experiments have shown that a 20 
centimeter TiO2 column already does a very good job. 
Concentrations of NOx of approximately 1,400 ppm [parts per 
million] can reportedly be reduced by 50 to 70 percent. The 
addition of ammonia could even lead to a reduction of 100 
percent. No similar research into the use of UV light in 
catalysts is taking place in the Netherlands. Instead, IMET-TNO 
(the Institute for Environmental and Energy Technology in the 
Netherlands Organization for Applied Scientific Research) in 
Apeldoorn is involved in the purification of industrial flue 
gases using UV light. The accent here lies primarily on low 
concentrations of hydrocarbons (up to 0.5 grams per cubic 
meter). An employee at the TNO institute reports that in the 
near future it will also be used for degrading nitrogen oxides. 

