BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Elvia Moreno from the "Evening News Panorama" </F>
newscast -- live] 
  [Text] [Moreno] Diego Fernandez de Cevallos, presidential 
candidate for the National Action Party [PAN], met National 
Autonomous University of Mexico [UNAM] students today. Speaking 
to more than 7,000 supporters, PAN members, and opponants, the 
PAN presidential candidate said party policies should be 
practiced outside the university. Fernandez de Cevallos' speech 
did not last more than 35 minutes, however, because individuals 
carrying flags of the Aztec Sun Party [not further identified] 
kept harassing him, shouting: Fascist, Fascist, while his 
supporters shouted: Diego, Diego. 
  Passions were heated 10 minutes into his speech, and the 
skies were filled with objects that were later identified as 
rotten eggs, which broke when they hit reporters, supporters, 
and even the left lapel of Diego Fernandez de Cevallos' gray 
suit. Fernandez de Cevallos said the wounds received during a 
campaign bring honor, not discredit. 
  [Begin Fernandez de Cevallos recording] I would like to ask 
the university students not to allow themselves to be provoked. 
Remember, [applause] remember that we are here to rescue 
freedom; we are here to rescue democratic actions; we are here 
to ensure the university will never be a den of outlaws. [end 
recording] 
  As Fernandez de Cevallos was speaking of his government 
platform and saying private and public education should be 
available to all, two hooded men in blue jackets on the 
esplanades below began to push, shove, and punch organizers of 
the rally and PAN supporters. It is noteworthy that the old 
people [viejerio] who usually accompany Fernandez de Cevallos 
were not frightened by these actions or by the loud voices and 
insults of the opponants of the former UNAM student and, today, 
PAN presidential candidate. 
  It was a cloudy day, and the esplanades at the university 
were almost full an hour before the rally. At the conclusion of 
the event, PAN supporters tried to find ways to get close to the 
so-called Jefe Diego, while his bodyguards led him to his car 
amid the shouts and hurrahs of his supporters. 
  At the end of the rally with UNAM students, Fernandez de 
Cevallos made very brief statements. He said he has nothing to 
complain about and that in returning home, as he has described 
the university, there was nothing that bothered him. This is 
what he said: 
  [Begin Fernandez de Cevallos recording] I am a man who 
[words indistinct] I have nothing to complain about. I have 
returned home, and I feel at home. There is nothing that 
bothers or worries me. What I heard against [words indistinct] 
groups who are [words indistinct] quite right at a university. 
I would add this is something we can easily overcome if we are 
all prudent. [end recording] 
  [Unidentified station announcer] Elvia Moreno, who attacked 
Diego Fernandez de Cevallos? 
  [Moreno] The people we saw were carrying Aztec Sun Party 
flags. Others have said it could have been the [words 
indistinct]. We could not see because there were too many 
people there, and we cannot say who it was. We do not know who 
threw the objects. No one knows yet. 

