BFN 

  [Text] The Omani Consultative Council delegation led by 
Speaker Shaykh 'Abdallah Bin-'Ali al-Qatabi left Damascus this 
morning after a four-day visit to Syria. They were seen off at 
Damascus International Airport by People's Assembly Speaker 
'Abd-al-Qadir Qaddurah; Dr. Ibrahim Za'rur, deputy head of the 
Assembly's Guidance Committee; Assembly secretary Rajab Ibrahim; 
Oman's Ambassador to Damascus 'Abdallah al-Kharusi; and some 
Omani Embassy staff . 
  In a statement to a SANA correspondent, Shaykh al-Qatabi 
lauded the close, strong, and fraternal relations between the 
two sisterly countries. The foundations of these relations were 
laid by President Hafiz al-Asad and Sultan Qabus, he noted. 
  Shaykh al-Qatabi added: As part of this visit, we are adding 
a brick to the comprehensive building of sisterly inter-Arab 
relations. This visit gave us an opportunity to meet with our 
brothers in the People's Assembly, and to discuss and exchange 
ideas with them and learn about the People's Assembly's 
experience. We also briefed them on our experience in the 
Consultative Council. Ideas were exchanged on ways to promote 
and enhance relations between the two bodies. 
  Shaykh al-Qatabi described the meetings he and his 
delegation 
held with senior Syrian officials during this visit as useful 
and fruitful. He said: During this visit, we were briefed on 
the Syrian position and course concerning the efforts made to 
reach a comprehensive and just peace. We were also briefed on 
Syrian initiatives in this regard. These initiatives enjoy 
regional and world appreciation for both their credibility and 
definite desire to achieve peace in the region. 
  Concluding his statement, Shaykh al-Qatabi said: We will 
brief our brothers in Oman on our ideas as part of ongoing 
contacts at the highest levels between the two fraternal 
countries. 

