BFN 

  [Text] Baghdad, Apr 16, INA--Turkish foreign 
undersecretary, Mr. Ozdem Sanberk said Iraq and Turkey mapped 
out a new formula on resuming Iraqi oil flow via the 
Iraqi-Turkish pipeline over the few next months in a 
non-violation move of the UN conditions. 
  'In an exclusive interview to AL-JUMHURIYAH daily published 
today' the Turkish official hoped that reoperation of the 
pipeline which would be technically tested, would not exceed 
this year's end. [sentence as received] 
  Answering a question on his government's reaction towards 
continuity of the current situation in northern Iraq and the 
possibility of creating problems between the two countries, he 
said this matter was jeopardizing the prospective trade exchange 
between Iraq and Turkey and it had to be settled in favor of 
Iraq's national and territorial integrity. 
  Mr. Sanberk, heading the first ever official Turkish 
delegation to visit Iraq since the end of the 30-state 
aggression on Iraq confirmed the Turkish people's rising calls 
for the government to offer all possible backing to Iraq and 
that the Turkish government began to sense now, more than ever 
before, the necessity of boosting bilateral ties, and intensive 
visits by Turkish officials would be conducted over the coming 
days, Mr. Ozdem added. 
  He added that the delegation had taken a clear picture of 
Iraq's current need of spare parts and equipment that could be 
provided by Turkey during and after the blockade. 
  The Turkish official hailed the efforts exerted by Iraqi 
people to reconstruct, within an exceptional period, what had 
been destroyed by the allies bombing campaigns of 1991. 

