BFN 

  [Text] The Council of State has saluted and applauded 
General Johnson for taking the bold step of inviting ECOMOG 
[Economic Community of West African States Cease-Fire Monitoring 
Group] to take over all areas under his control. The council 
said in its opinion this will not only enhance the peace process 
but will also bring the conflict nearer to the desired solution. 
The council also views this action as a step in support of the 
disarmament process as prescribed by the Cotonou Accord. 
  The Council of State issued the statement yesterday when it 
announced that Major General Roosevelt Johnson of ULIMO [United 
Liberation Movement for Democracy in Liberia] had invited ECOMOG 
to take over all areas under his control. The statement of the 
turnover was made by Gen. Johnson last Thursday [23 June] when 
he presented copies of his letter sent to the field commander of 
ECOMOG and the UNOMIL [UN Observer Mission in Liberia]. The 
council is urging other leaders of warring factions to emulate 
this exemplary gesture by Gen. Johnson, an important development 
for which the Liberian people have been waiting. 
  Meanwhile, the council is calling on ECOMOG to put in place 
all the necessary mechanisms for a smooth transition to enhance 
its peacekeeping efforts. In a related development, the State 
Council says it will shortly appoint superintendents and other 
officials of government to move into these areas to establish 
civil administration. 

