BFN 

<F P=106> [Petr Karapetyan report: "The Federation Council Will Be </F>
Consistent and It Will Not Let the Figure 37 Slip Through -- 
This Was Declared at a Meeting With Journalists by Federation 
Council Security and Defense Committee Chairman Petr Shirshov"] 
  [Text] With the expenditure level of 37.126 trillion 
rubles [R] stipulated by the draft budget, Shirshov said, the 
systematic process of replacing obsolescent and worn out combat 
and technical resources will, in practice, grind to a halt, 
while training (studies and drill) will be cut. This, in turn, 
will make it impossible to ensure that the combat readiness and 
manageability of the Armed Forces will be maintained at the 
requisite level. The training of someone in handling an assault 
rifle alone, according to Shirshov's calculations, sets the 
state back some R130,000, while that of tank gun operators 
requires some R7 million, and company level tactical exercises 
"cost" R137 million. 
  Apart from anything else, increasing the defense budget to 
R55 trillion will open the way for the budgets of the 33 
Federation components to be topped up significantly. To 
compare: The amounts expounded in the draft Federal budget, the 
committee chairman noted, allow for six or seven federation 
components to "make a living." For instance, one 
military-industrial complex enterprise "supports" a region's 
population 5-10 times bigger than the number of workers at the 
enterprise. Up to 30 percent of the cost of military hardware 
and arms for the Russian Army constitutes expenditure by 
enterprises on the social sphere. 

