CSO 

<F P=106> [Own information report: "Russian Machinebuilding is </F>
Planning 36-Percent Growth by the Year 2000"] 
  [Text] By the year 2000 the volume of production in the 
machinebuilding complex, including TNP [food and consumer goods] 
will grow, in comparable prices, to 2543.4 billion rubles [R] as 
opposed to R1546.5 billion in 1992. Vladimir Kubantsev, chief 
of the department for long-range development of the State 
Institute for Designing Heavy and Transport Machinebuilding 
Plants, announced this. He presented the plan for the 
development of machinebuilding to the year 2000, worked out by 
the leading design institutes of eight machinebuilding sectors, 
at the 5 April session of the Russian Machinebuilding 
Committee's scientific-technical council. The average growth of 
production, according to the forecast, will comprise 36 percent 
from 1996-2000. The greatest growth is expected in the 
automobile industry, tractor and agricultural machinebuilding 
and instrument building. According to the plan for long-range 
development of machinebuilding adopted by the council, the cost 
of industrial-production fixed capital will increase from 
R1367.1 billion in 1992 to R2181.9 billion in 2000. The 
greatest average annual growth of fixed capital is predicted for 
the automobile industry (56 percent for the period 1996-2000). 
The forecasters determined that capital investment in the years 
1996-2000 will be R1071.7 billion, including R418.3 billion for 
construction-installation work. During this time the number of 
personnel, comprising 2.647 million people in 1992, will 
practically not change by the year 2000. 

