Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From "News Bulletin" No. 459] </F>
  [Text] Vilnius, March 17, ELTA -- NATO Military Committee 
Chairman Richard Vincent on a visit in Lithuania met with 
Lithuanian President Algirdas Brazauskas on Thursday [17 March]. 
They discussed the "Partnership for Peace" programme, its 
practical aspects which guaranteed security. 
  Vincent emphasized that the programme was very broad, but, 
unfortunately, in the undestanding of many political figures it 
was encompassing only the cooperation in military sphere. 
  Vincent noted that the most important thing in the programme 
was the identity of both political and human virtues because 
post-communist countries joined the agreement. The programme 
"Partnership for Peace" was the adaptation period for the 
countries which sought NATO membership. During the period the 
aspiring countries would be observed by the Western countries in 
order to be sure they would orient themselves towards Western 
values, Vincent said. 
  Brazauskas also admitted that "Partnership for Peace" was 
considered as the process of acquiring NATO membership. 
Brazauskas approved Russia's decision to join the programme. 
It would be the greatest achievement in the meantime, if Russia 
signed the documents of the "Partnership for Peace" programme 
and took part in it with the same status like all other 
countries, Brazauskas noted. 

