Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Roger Makings and Ray Hartley] </F>
  [Excerpts] Kwazulu took delivery of the British-built 
twin-engined Hawker 800 on Friday, just four months before the 
homeland will cease to exist on April 27. 
  According to calculations done by an experienced pilot, the 
new aircraft will cut flying time between Ulundi and major South 
African cities by between 10 and 46 minutes, but it will cost 
twice as much to operate as the turbo-prop King Air 300 -- owned 
by Kwazulu National Airways Corporation and used by homeland 
ministers. 
  A brief statement issued by the Kwazulu Finance Department 
this week defended the purchase of the aircraft as a 
cost-cutting exercise because it was cheaper than leasing. 
[passage omitted] 
  News that the aircraft deal had been concluded angered 
critics of Kwazulu Chief Minister Mangosuthu Buthelezi. The 
purchase was "massive and obscene" said ANC [African National 
Congress] Legal Department head Matthew Phosa. He called for a 
full investigation of Kwazulu's finances and told the SUNDAY 
TIMES the ANC would ask the TEC [Transvaal Indian Congress] to 
impound the aircraft when it reconvenes in mid-January. 
Democratic Party [DP] MP Peter Soal said it represented "a 
scandalous squandering of taxpayers' money." 
  Both the ANC and DP have called on Regional and Land Affairs 
Minister Andre Fourie to explain how debt-ridden Kwazulu -- 
which owed R[rand]645-million late last year and depends 
overwhelmingly on grants from the central government for its 
income -- obtained permission to buy the jet. Mr. Fourie could 
not be reached for comment late this week. 
  A Kwazulu spokesman said the aircraft -- which is painted 
white, green and gold -- would be handed over to the Natal 
regional government once the homeland was dissolved. [passage 
omitted] 

