BFN 

  [Excerpts] As the much talked about newfound relationship 
between Communist Cuba and Caricom gathers momentum, Cuba's 
President Fidel Castro says he is eagerly looking forward to 
this new development. Speaking with Caribbean Broadcasting 
Union's (Sharon Marshall) following his attendance at the recent 
SIDS [expansion unknonw] conference, President Fidel Castro said 
that he is of the opinion that only good things will result from 
such a collaboration. 
  [Passage omitted] Meanwhile, St. Lucia's ambassador to the 
United Nations, Dr. Charles Fleming, has welcomed the new 
Cuba/Caricom relations. According to Dr. Fleming, St. Lucia's 
relationship with Cuba declined during the U.S. invasion of 
Grenada. Dr. Fleming, however, is of the opinion that the Cold 
War is over and the time is opportune to pick up where it was 
left off: 
  [Begin Fleming recording] Last year, for the first time in a 
long time, St. Lucia in fact joined other members of the UN in 
calling for an end to the U.S. embargo against Cuba. This is in 
keeping with the lessening of tensions. Cuban expatriate groups, 
mostly in Miami, who are strongly antagonistic (?toward) Cuba, 
have also changed their position and are calling for an end to 
the Cuban embargo. Cuba in fact is a Caribbean country. Because 
of the embargo, it has developed a good deal of appropriate 
indigenous technology from which we can benefit. So, St. Lucia 
believes that the time has come to end the embargo. We believe 
that St. Lucia can only gain from close relations with Cuba. 
[end recording] 

