BFN 

<F P=106> [Dispatch by Dr. Sayyid 'Ali from Beirut; date not </F>
given--recorded] 
  [Text] Viktor Gogitidze, the official in charge of Middle 
Eastern affairs at the Russian Foreign Ministry, recently said: 
Our history of relations in the Middle East cannot be erased. 
We are determined to establish even-handed and balanced 
relations in the Middle East. 
  It is clear that Russia is on its way to lending a helping 
hand to its old allies. In a move calculated to express its 
traditional support for the Palestinians while keeping other 
lines of communication open, Russia played host to Israeli 
officials and PLO Chairman Yasir 'Arafat. The Russians want to 
resume their superpower role in the Middle East but have clearly 
abandoned the old ways of Soviet diplomacy. 
  In a recent visit to Damascus, Oleg Soskovets, Russian first 
deputy chairman of the Council of Ministers, signed a military 
cooperation agreement. The agreement is expected to give a 
strong boost to Syrian-Russian relations and reverse the 
lassitude that has characterized these relations since the 
collapse of the Soviet Union. 
  Emerging from a three-hour meeting with President Hafiz 
al-Asad, Soskovets expressed great satisfaction with the visit. 
He and Syrian Defense Minister General Mustafa Talas had just 
signed an agreement on military cooperation. Gen. Talas praised 
the agreement, without disclosing its contents, describing it as 
a step in the right direction. The Syrian defense minister 
expressed hope that ties between Damascus and Moscow would 
return to the level experienced before the collapse of the 
Soviet Union in 1991. 

