Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Irina Schegoleva] </F>
  [Text] Sochi January 5 TASS -- A Russian Foreign Ministry 
delegation with Deputy Foreign Minister Boris Pastukhov at its 
head flew into the Adler Airport of Sochi today. The delegation 
includes Valeriy Shuykov, head of the Russian part of the 
Abkhazia settlement united commission. 
  "We plan to visit several areas of Abkhazia, including the 
Galski and Sukhumi, hold talks with the republic's leadership 
and meet public representatives," Boris Pastukhov told 
journalists at the Sochi airport. Pastukhov noted that the 
second round of the Georgian-Abkhazian talks is scheduled to 
open in Geneva on January 11 which are to be held under the 
auspices of the United Nations and active participation of 
Russia. Members of the Russian delegation have recently visited 
Tbilisi with the aim of preparating for these talks. They held 
a number of meetings with the Georgian leadership. "Russia, as 
before, intends to fulfil its mission, seeking a full political 
settlement of the Georgian-Abkhazian conflict," Pastukhov 
emphahsised. 
  Replying to a question regarding the abolishment of economic 
sanctions against Abkhazia, Boris Pastukhov told ITAR-TASS that 
assertions regarding the abolishment of economic sanctions do 
not conform to reality. But at the same time, understanding the 
serious state of affairs in which the peaceful population is 
living in the zone of conflict, the Russian leadership is taking 
a number of measures which will help ease sanctions. For 
example, plans for supplying foodstuffs and fuels. 
  The Russian delegation plans to return to Moscow on 
Thursday. 

