BFN 

<F P=106> [Telephone interview with Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina, </F>
in Caracas, by Roberto Cavada in Havana, on 29 June; from the 
"National Radio News" -- recorded] 
  [Text] [Cavada] What is on the first day's agenda of the 
foreign ministers meeting? 
  [Robaina] The opening ceremony is scheduled for 1100. There 
is a document ready to be discussed by the foreign ministers. 
This document covers the fundamental guidelines by which the 
association should function. As of 1100, we will begin this 
meeting that should last all day, and which is to approve the 
document that will be presented to the heads of state. 
  [Cavada] It is being said that documents presented by 
Caricom 
[Caribbean Common Market], Latin American Economic System, the 
Economic Commission for Latin America, and the Central American 
Integration System have been discussed. These are all economic 
institutions and organizations. Does this mean that the future 
Association of Caribbean States could have a prominent role in 
the economy of the area? 
  [Robaina] Yes, the main drive of this initiative, which has 
received tremendous support from Caricom in the first place, and 
from the 37 countries of the Caribbean Basin, is fundamentally 
economic -- economic, but with new game rules because it is also 
the only economic organization that deals with environmental 
issues, social policies, and many other related issues as well. 
  I believe that today, we start on a path toward establishing 
new game rules. The special characteristic of these game rules 
is that many countries are not characterized by large resources. 
They are characterized today by the desire to see this area, 
which although geographically linked a long time....[end 
recording] 

