Language: <F P=105> Serbo-Croatian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Zdenko Vranjes in Livno] </F>
  [Text] [Passage omitted] Assembly deputies who took part 
in the discussion, by a large majority, supported the political 
advocacy of the concept of Bosnia-Herzegovina as a union of 
three republics. Nearly every deputy severely criticized a 
Croat meeting in Sarajevo, which they consider illegitimate 
saying it was politically detrimental to the interests of the 
Croats in Bosnia-Herzegovina, and was in the interest of the 
Muslim side alone. 
  Numerous guests, including Fikret Abdic, a member of the 
former presidency of Bosnia-Herzegovina, took part in the 
discussion. 
  Mate Granic, Croatian minister of foreign affairs and 
President Tudjman's personal envoy to this session, also 
addressed the session. Here are some excerpts from his address: 
  [Begin Granic recording] We, the Croats from the Republic of 
Croatia, from Bosnia-Herzegovina, from the Croat Republic of 
Herceg- Bosna, are doing everything to make the war a thing of 
the past; we sincerely wish to end it. We see the only hope in 
peace with our neighbors, the only way out, the only road to 
Europe. [end recording] 
  Mate Granic called for the unity of the Croat people 
stressing that it was necessary to overcome individual 
interests, and commented on Mate Boban's move with the following 
words: 
  [Begin Granic recording] Mate Boban's decision is wise, 
courageous, and honorable. It is in the interest of the unity 
of the Croat nation, in the interest of all Croats. I 
personally would like to thank him on behalf of us all for 
everything that he has done for the defense and survival of the 
Croat nation in Bosnia-Herzegovina and wish him success in his 
future work. [end recording] [passage omitted] 

