BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, May 15 (XINHUA) -- China has built a very 
effective nuclear safety administration system during the past 
10 years when China started its construction of the Qinshan 
Nuclear Power Plant and the Guangdong Daya Bay Nuclear Power 
Plant in the '80s. 
  During a recent visit to China, the International Regulatory 
Review Team (IRRT) of the International Atomic Energy Agency 
(IAEA) agreed that China's nuclear safety administration system 
reached the standards of usual international practice. 
  China's progress in this area is closely related to its 
active international cooperation, according to Huang Qitao, 
director general of China's National Nuclear Safety 
Administration (NNSA). 
  He said that China's attitude towards international nuclear 
safety cooperation and exchanges is active, open and unreserved, 
adding that NNSA has signed cooperative agreements with a number 
of countries while maintaining regular contacts with some other 
countries having no such agreements with China. 
  Huang noted that China has received support from some 
international organizations such as the United Nations 
Development Program (UNDP), IAEA and the European Community, 
which provided China with materials, computer software, and 
information concerning safety in nuclear power plants. 
  He said that China also takes part in international 
cooperations of IAEA including the drafting of the International 
Nuclear Safety Convention, and China is ready to discharge all 
obligations when the convention is signed. 
  In an interview with XINHUA, Ms. Annick Carnino, head of the 
IRRT of the IAEA, said that IAEA will strengthen its cooperation 
with China in nuclear safety administration and is ready to 
provide China with help in nuclear emergency planning and 
response. 

