BFN 

  [Text] Seoul, May 23 (YONHAP) -- President Kim Yong-sam 
said Monday that businesses promoting labor-management 
cooperation would receive increased government support while 
those hit by sustained labor disputes would face "disadvantages." 
  Presiding over a high-level meeting on the five-year new 
economy development plan held at the Korea Foreign Trade 
Association, he instructed the cabinet to develop a concrete and 
practical policy to promote labor-management harmony in all 
industries. 
  Participating in the meeting were related cabinet ministers 
and the top executive officers and union leaders of the 
country's 30 largest business groups. 
  Noting that labor-management cooperation is necessary for 
Korean companies to survive in an era of limitless trade 
competition, he said the absence of such harmony would make it 
impossible to boost products' international competitiveness 
through technological innovations. 
  Cooperative labor-management relations should be established 
on the basis of mutual trust, rather than solely the law, he 
stressed. Kim exhorted the 30 largest business groups' leaders 
to improve working conditions for their employees while 
respecting them as human beings. He then advised the groups' 
union leaders to correct the view that confrontation and 
struggle is the only way for workers to survive, urging them to 
explain the need for mutual dependence and co-existence as 
businesses and the government must also be mutually dependent 
and co-exist. 
  Economic Planning Minister Chong Chae-sok said the 
government 
would provide incentives for increased labor-management 
cooperation, such as tax breaks for corporate investment in 
welfare facilities for workers. 

