BFN 

  [Text] Maseru April 14 SAPA -- Lesotho's Deputy Prime 
Minister Selometsi Baholo and four other ministers were abducted 
from their homes and offices by armed soldiers in Maseru on 
Thursday [14 April] morning. Some of the ministers were carried 
away in the back of an open vehicle and taken to the maximum 
security section of the central prison in Maseru, according to 
unconfirmed reports. 
  The sound of gunfire was heard earlier on Thursday at the 
Makoanyane Army barracks on the outskirts of Maseru. The 
soldiers occupying the barracks are said oppose the ruling 
Basotholand Congress Party. 
  Lesotho's Parliament adjourned until Friday after the 
speaker, Dr Teboho Kolane, announced that some members of the 
house had been "kidnapped". He said the assembly could not 
concentrate on debate under the circumstance. 
  The arrested ministers were seen being taken away by armed 
soldiers as hundreds of Maseru residents were going to work on 
Thursday morning. 
  In January a group of Lesotho Army members mutinied after 
demanding a 100 per cent salary increase. 
  The presidents of Zimbabwe and Botswana were requested by 
Commonwealth Secretary General Emeka Anyaoku to visit Lesotho to 
investigate the causes of the problems. In their report tabled 
in the Lesotho Parliament last week, the two presidents warned 
that while the immediate danger of confrontation in the army 
appeared to have passed, it was clear to them that unless the 
broader underlying political issues were addressed, there could 
be no guarantee that such confrontation would not erupt again. 

