BFN 

  [Text] Kiev, 21 Jun--In an effort to establish proper order 
in the sphere of trade, to protect the rights of the consumer, 
and to safeguard the quality of goods, the president of Ukraine 
has issued a decree on urgent measures to ensure compliance with 
legislation regulating the sphere of trade and to step up the 
fight against profiteering. 
  In his decree, the president orders the government of the 
Republic of Crimea, local state administrations, and local 
council executive committees to take urgent measures to ensure 
full compliance with the rules of trade. These measures include 
regulation of the retail network and marketplace sales, 
allocation and fitting out of trade outlets, increased control 
over the quality of goods, and suspension of unauthorized 
trading and unauthorized outlets. The president has instructed 
local authorities to suspend all trading businesses that violate 
trade regulations. 
  The president orders that deputy heads of relevant local 
state executive authorities take personal responsibility for the 
establishment of proper order in the trade network. The document 
also says: "Ukraine's State Television and Radio Company and the 
Ukrainian National Information Agency, together with law 
enforcement bodies, Ukraine's State Committee for the Protection 
of Consumers' Rights, and Ukraine's Ministries of Economy and 
Health are advised to give wider publicity to issues concerning 
the effort to fight offenses in the area of trade." 
  Vasyl Durdynets, first deputy of the Coordinating Committee 
Against Corruption and Organized Crime, has been put in charge 
of control over the implementation of the decree. 

