Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Half of Greece's prison population is taking drugs, 
officials revealed in Athens yesterday. 
  New ways of fighting the ever-increasing drugs problem were 
discussed at the start of a three-day European Union [EU] 
conference on illegal drugs, held at Zappion Hall, Central 
Athens. 
  The opening day seminar was on drug-addicts and prisons. 
  Addressing representatives from all over Europe, European 
Affairs Minister Theodhoros Pangalos said the production and 
trafficking of hard drugs was an increasingly serious problem 
for Greece's neighbours. Mr. Pangalos joined in wide-spread 
allegations that The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia 
produces heroin. 
  "New networks of producing and processing drugs, heroin in 
particular, have developed in some countries that used to have a 
communist regime," he said. "Information is there, easy to be 
proved," he added, pointing at records of arrests that Greek 
authorities have had at their disposal during the last few years. 
  Justice Minister Yeoryios Kouvelakis said that Greek law 
punishes drug traffickers but was unfair in how it treated drug 
addicts. He did not rule out the possibility of a future 
amendment to the law. "The issue of people taking drugs and the 
way of facing them remains open," said Mr. Kouvelakis. 
  According to data presented by Manolis Skoulakis, deputy 
health minister, over half the people detained in Greek prisons 
are on drugs. Mr. Skoulakis said that medical staff will soon 
be hired by all Greek jails in order to tackle the problem: "A 
model unit for the psychological rehabilitation of drug addicts 
will be founded in Khalkidhiki, in the near future." He added 
that "the purpose of the project, costing one billion drachmas, 
will be to face the needs of drug-dependent prisoners," 
stressing that it will function on a voluntary basis. 

