BFN 

<F P=106> [By reporter Chen Jiaying (7115 1367 3841)] </F>
  [Text] Lisbon, 25 May (XINHUA) -- Wang Guangying, Chinese 
National People's Congress [NPC] Standing Committee vice 
chairman, met with Durao Barroso, Portuguese secretary of state 
for foreign affairs, here today. 
  The Portuguese foreign secretary said: Exchange of visits 
between senior leaders of Portugal and China has increased 
noticeably in recent years. It is an honor for Portugal to have 
received Chinese President Jiang Zemin, Premier Li Peng, Vice 
President Rong Yiren, and the current visit by Vice Chairman 
Wang Guangying and an NPC delegation led by him. These 
high-level contacts have strengthened the good relations between 
our two countries. 
  He added: The relationship with China is a focal point of 
Portugal's foreign affairs. To develop Portuguese-Chinese 
relations is neither an interim choice nor temporary demand. It 
is the Portuguese Government's policy to develop long-term 
stable relations with China; as well as the common goal of both 
Portuguese ruling and opposition parties to expand ties with 
China. 
  In reply, Vice Chairman Wang Guangying said: China and 
Portugal share common interests as both are devoted to 
developing their domestic economies and safeguarding world 
peace. The two countries, which have cooperated well on the 
Macao issue and conducted friendly consultations to ensure 
Macao's smooth transition, will set their eyes on developing 
friendly cooperation in various fields in the future. 
  The Portuguese foreign secretary appreciated Wang 
Guangying's 
remarks, saying the Portuguese Government has attached great 
importance to the process of transferring Macao's sovereignty to 
China. Prime Minister Silva's recent visit to China has 
contributed to this process. 

