BFN 

  [Text] Albania is being called upon to prove that it 
respects the principles of international law regarding 
minorities, stressed the government spokesman Evangelos 
Venizelos today. Commenting on remarks by Albanian President 
Sali Berisha, according to which the Greek minority in Albania 
enjoys better conditions than other minorities in the Balkans, 
the government spokesman noted that Albania's constitutional 
status is vague, particularly on issues of education and 
religious rights for minorities. Declarations are not enough, 
Venizelos stressed, and continued: There is a need for the 
appropriate legislative, administrative and police practices, 
and the latest arrests of Greek-Albanians do not offer 
guarantees. The spokesman added that during the meeting in 
Zurich between Greek Foreign Minister Karolos Papoulias and his 
Albanian counterpart Alfred Serreqi, the Greek foreign minister 
raised the issue of respect for human rights and within this 
framework, he mentioned the continued detention of the Albanian 
Socialist Party leader Fatos Nano. 
  Venizelos expressed the hope that New Democracy Chairman 
Miltiadhis Evert, who will visit the North Epirus area on 
Saturday and Sunday, will promote the government positions on 
these issues by fully understanding his responsibility in 
handling similar issues. Evert's visit is for the purpose of 
receiving a direct and on-the-spot briefing regarding the 
problems faced by the Greeks in Gjirokaster, Sarande, and 
Himare. According to a New Democracy statement, Evert will only 
ask to visit Tirana if the Greeks arrested recently in Albania 
are released. 

