BFN 

  [Text] Parishes will be paid from the State Atomic Agency 
[PAA] budget for storing nuclear waste in accordance with the 
new version of the atomic law, which was unanimously adopted by 
the Sejm. 
  [Correspondent Malgorzata Wisniewska] Radioactive waste not 
only is produced by nuclear power stations and research 
reactors, but is also a by-product of radiology and the 
production of certain medicines. According to the PAA, nuclear 
waste dumps do not constitute a hazard to the environment. 
  [Begin recording] [Professor Jerzy Niewodniczanski, PAA 
chairman] This is the first condition. All waste and, above 
all, nuclear waste, must be stored in such a way that it cannot 
have any harmful effect on the environment. [end recording] 
  [Wisniewska] The largest dump is in Rozan. For three months 
now, the authorities of this typical holiday village have been 
protesting against the storage of waste in their parish. In 
accordance with the new law, the money for making a dumping site 
available by the parish will be provided in compensation for the 
loss of its good name [sentence as heard]. [video shows: 
industrial site surrounded by wall, guarded by uniformed men] 
  [Begin Niewodniczanski recording] The issue is not in buying 
health for money, not any Judas's silver, but payment for the 
fact that losses have been incurred, for the psychological 
aspects of the problem. [end recording] 
  [Wisniewska] From now on, parishes will find it worthwhile 
to 
store waste. But the inhabitants of Rozan are of a different 
opinion. 

