Language: <F P=105> Czech </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Article by Vaclav Pergl: "Turkey Has Proposed Joint </F>
Production of F-16 Falcon Aircraft With the Czech Republic"] 
  [Text] "We were asked whether we would be able and willing 
somehow to participate in the production of F-16 Falcon fighter 
bombers or ground-attack aircraft," Defense Minister Baudys told 
RUDE PRAVO following his return from Turkey. 
  "I think," continued the minister, "that if we succeed in 
finding a common language between the representatives of our 
industry and the Turkish TAI group, which manufactures these 
aircraft under the license and management of Lockheed, this 
could be a very important and considerable boon for our air 
industry, which I personally very much admire. It would be a 
pity to miss out on this. Various options for buying were also 
discussed. Turkey is a major customer of our arms plant in 
Uhersky Brod. It purchases a considerable number of pistols and 
is also interested in some other products." The minister did not 
specify which ones, however, "because the market in military 
materials is known for its tough competition." He confirmed that 
the Tamara radar system was not discussed. 
  Deputy Defense Minister M. Kalousek said at a news 
conference 
this week that "no consideration is being given this year to 
purchasing modern military equipment for the Czech Army." He 
said that it is impossible to say how much money will be 
released up to the year 2005 for the modernization of the Air 
Force. "The project for a multipurpose aircraft from Aero 
Vodochody is a viable scheme," said Kalousek. 

