BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS parliamentary correspondent Lyudmila Yermakova] </F>
  [Text] Moscow April 8 TASS -- Former Russian Prosecutor 
General Alexey Kazannik warned on Friday that a dictatorship is 
coming in Russia because the president ignores the constitution 
and laws. He told the Federation Council that he had adopted 
the final decision to resign because "the president and his 
entourage have shown once again that they are not going to abide 
by the constitution, law, the resolutions of the State Duma and 
the Federation council". 
  "Open dictatorship is coming", he said and expressed 
conviction that Russia "will get a true president and an 
independent prosecutor general in the coming years". He praised 
the legislature by saying that "Russia took pains and received 
an independent parliament which respects the constitution". 
  Kazannik said that he is resigning "in order to unite all 
progressive forces of Russia". "I did not want to become a 
source of confrontation between different political forces", he 
told reporters and added that "the president and his 
administration would not have allowed him to work because they 
do not need an independent prosecutor". 
  He denied claims that he simply wanted to return to his 
high-ranking post. "I strived to preserve the Office of the 
Prosecutor General as a single system, to avert political 
repressions, ensure the supremacy of law, protect the rights of 
citizens", he said. Kazannik added that now he intends to 
create a mighty "party of unity and national progress" and will 
begin organising it in the regions because, as he said, he 
"enjoys great support there". 

