Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["Announcement" by the Editorial Department of RENMIN RIBAO </F>
OVERSEAS EDITION: "To Inform Our Readers"] 
  [Text] Starting tomorrow, the Saturday edition of this 
newspaper will be expanded to 12 pages. 
  This expansion is aimed at providing our readers with more 
information and enhancing the directness, readability, and 
serviceability of the newspaper to suit the demands of China's 
reform, opening up, and socialist modernization drive, and to 
satisfy the reading needs of our readers both at home and 
abroad, especially our overseas readers. After its expansion, 
this newspaper will continue to uphold its correct opinion 
guide, ensure the soundness of its main theme, maintain its 
unified high caliber style as a whole, add more color to the 
newspaper, and enable it to become more intimate with our 
readers. 
  The following are space arrangements for our Saturday 
edition: The first page is reserved for major news; second page 
for economics; third page for politics, law, culture, and 
education; four page for fine arts and photography; fifth page 
for the Bianqiao supplement; sixth page for international news; 
seventh page for the literary supplement; eighth page for 
readers' letters; ninth page for social affairs; tenth page for 
sports; eleventh page for public health; and twelfth page for 
advertisements. 
  To enable our readers in Europe to receive and read this 
newspaper on time, our printing house in Paris will print the 
last four pages beforehand and issue them on Saturday. 

