BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Turhan Ipek] </F>
  [Excerpts] Turkish Foreign Minister Hikmet Cetin has 
stated that the Israelis and the Palestinians are in agreement 
over Turkey's participation in the international police force 
which is to be positioned in the Gaza Strip and Jericho. 
[sentence as heard] Cetin, who is in Bucharest to participate in 
a conference of the international Crans Montana Forum, met 
Israeli Foreign Minister Shim'on Peres and Palestinian Head of 
State Yasir 'Arafat. TRT correspondent Turhan Ipek reports: 
  [Begin recording] [Ipek] Cetin arrived in Bucharest on a 
private plane this morning to participate in the conference. 
Cetin was received at the airport by (Ioan Goritza), Romanian 
deputy foreign minister [name and title as heard], and other 
officials. [passage omitted] 
  Following the opening ceremony of the conference, Cetin met 
with 'Arafat and Peres separately. Cetin, Arafat, and Peres 
later held a tripartite meeting. In a statement after the 
meeting, Cetin said that both Peres and 'Arafat expressed their 
goodwill and wish regarding the conclusion of the 
Israeli-Palestinian part of the Middle East peace process by the 
end of this month. Stating that the subject of Turkish 
contribution to the international police force -- the next stage 
in the process -- was also raised during the meeting, Cetin 
added: 
  [Cetin] I met Peres while he was visiting Turkey and, then, 
he had asked Turkey to participate in the international police 
force -- to be established in the next stage. 'Arafat, whom I 
had previously met in Cairo, also made the same request. During 
the tripartite meeting both of them reconfirmed their request, 
stated their acceptance, and that they can now announce it. 
Both of them together asked for Turkey to contribute in the 
international police force that will be established in the 
coming days. 
  [Ipek] Cetin pointed out that they discussed with Peres the 
establishment of a Middle East security and cooperation system, 
an issue which was also brought up during Peres' visit in 
Turkey. Explaining that both 'Arafat and Peres support this 
project, Cetin added: I told them that I will send them the 
draft when the work regarding this issue is concluded. [passage 
omitted] [end recording] 

