CSO 

<F P=106> [Unattributed report: "Accord in the Name of Russia: First </F>
Tasks"] 
  [Text] As previously reported in PRAVDA, the first expanded 
session of the National Council of the Accord in the Name of 
Russia was recently held in the capital. At it a resolution was 
adopted defining the movement's priority tasks. 
  1. To adopt, as a basis, draft theses for the Accord in the 
Name of Russia movement's program. The editorial commission, 
with the participation of members of the National Council, is to 
finish drawing up draft theses within two weeks, taking into 
account the discussion of criticisms and proposals that have 
been received. 
  2. For the members of the National Council to make the 
necessary efforts to form the movement's organizational 
structure on the regional and local levels, to establish support 
groups, and to bring about the broad discussion at the local 
level of the program theses that have been drawn up. 
  3. To assign the functions of coordinating council for the 
movement to the initiative group. 
  4. To hold, in the autumn of 1994, an Assembly of National 
Unity at which the movement program would be adopted and its 
working bodies would be formed. To assign the job of preparing 
and organizing the assembly to the movement's coordinating 
council. 
  5. For the movement's coordinating council to discuss with 
interested political forces the question of forming a government 
of popular trust. 

