BFN 

<F P=106> [Video report by correspondent Nikolay Filippov, including </F>
recorded comment by Crimean President Yuriy Meshkov and Crimean 
Deputy Prime Minister Yevgeniy Saburov] 
  [Excerpts] [Filippov] It is said that history repeats 
itself twice. Today, just as two years ago in May 1992 [when 
the Crimean parliament adopted its own constitution], all 
attention is fixed on the Crimea. [passage omitted] 
  [Meshkov, interviewed in a study] There are politicians who 
are called hawks, but who should probably more accurately be 
called concussed. Among such politicians are several ministers 
who wear military uniforms and who are not now hiding their 
intentions to begin military actions immediately. Under 
pressure from them and evidently with their blessing, the 
military contingent in the Crimea has been increased 10-fold, 
contrary to current legislation that encompasses Crimean 
legislation as well. In violation of their own legislation the 
Crimea is being flooded with military formations. 
  [Saburov] There is no talk of changing borders. It is 
rubbish to say that the Constitution talks of a separation. It 
is written there: The Crimea is within the composition of 
Ukraine. Then it is said that we are rushing things. This 
Constitution was adopted on 6 May 1992. Kiev asked us to wait. 
How long can we wait? [passage omitted] 
  [Saburov] When the first deputy internal affairs minister 
attacks the Crimean Internal Affairs Ministry at 2.30 a.m....it 
is just laughable. It is simply not decent. They are not 
giving the credits promised and agreed for agriculture because 
you are somehow not behaving yourselves quite right there. 
  [Filippov] So, the situation is repeating itself. Once again 
there is a Crimean Constitution, and once again there is a 
Ukrainian ultimatum. Again troops are being sent in and the 
situation on the Black Sea fleet--the fate of which, just like 
the Crimea's, has not been decided by the two presidents--is 
heating up. 
  [Meshkov] I had no intention of worsening relations with the 
Kiev administration. I do not want to worsen our relations in 
the period before the Ukrainian presidential elections, or by 
worsening relations give those forces that are already obliged 
to leave the political scene the opportunity to preserve their 
power. 

