BFN 

<F P=106> ["Statement by Leaders of Ukraine's Atomic Power Engineering </F>
Complex"] 
  [Text] Realizing our responsibility before Ukraine in 
providing the national economy with electricity and 
realistically assessing the conditions that are necessary for 
the atomic plants to cope with the load during the fall and 
winter periods of 1994-95, leaders of the atomic power 
engineering complex state the following: 
  1. The fulfillment of the state plan for producing 
electricity in 1994 is impossible for the following reasons: 
  -- there are no funds for purchasing nuclear fuel or spare 
parts; 
  -- the Power Engineering Ministry's debt to atomic plants 
constitutes 1.7 trillion karbovantsi; 
  -- the rate for the electricity produced by atomic plants 
does not even make it possible to satisfy minimal needs [of 
power engineers]. 
  2. The failure to finance operational outlays will result in 
the need to stop a number of power units (five out of 12). 
  3. The following is necessary to ensure the provision with 
nuclear fuel, proper repairs, and timely commissioning of power 
units: 
  -- to increase the share of convertible currency capital 
allocated on the terms of tender; 
  -- to issue state credits to the Ministry of Power 
Engineering to enable it to pay debts to atomic plants; 
  -- to raise the rates for the electricity produced by atomic 
electric power plants [AES]. 
  4. The above questions require immediate consideration and 
resolution. 
  M. Umanets, Chairman of the State Committee for Atomic 
Energy; 
  V. Bronnykov, General Director of the Production Association 
"Zaporizhzhya AES"; 
  V. Fuks, General Director of the Production Association 
"Southern Ukrainian AES"; 
  S. Parashyn, General Director of the Production Association 
"Chernobyl AES"; 
  V. Korovkin, Director of the Rivne AES; 
  V. Sapronov, Director of the Khmelnytskyy AES. 

