BFN 

  [Text] Russia's Foreign Minister Andrey Kozyrev told 
Interfax after talks with his Swiss counterpart Flavio Cotti 
that the drafting of the U.N. Security Council resolution on 
sanctions against North Korea was proceeding unsatisfactorily. 
  He also expressed surprise that the U.S. had circulated its 
own draft resolution which contains a list of sanctions against 
North Korea. 
  He said that this resolution went against the agreement on 
joint work, reached during recent telephone conversations 
between Bill Clinton and Boris Yeltsin. This plan was also 
confirmed during a telephone conversation with U.S. Secretary of 
State Warren Christopher, said Kozyrev. 
  "We decided to work together on a resolution that would 
provide for sanctions on the one hand, and for an international 
conference on the North Korean problem on the other," he went on 
to say. "We also agreed not to advance unilateral initiatives," 
he said. 
  The American diplomats' moves complicate the solution of the 
problem, said Kozyrev. "We shall not support sanctions which 
have not been discussed with us. This will complicate the work 
of the Security Council," he added. 
  He announced that Russia had confidentially sent Americans 
its own ideas on the draft resolution which attached equal 
importance to sanctions and the international conference. 
  Kozyrev also told Interfax that during a telephone 
conversation with Christopher, he named a date for a meeting in 
accordance with the agreement reached between the Russian and 
American presidents. "Christopher will respond. I'm ready to 
meet with him at any convenient time," said Kozyrev. 

