BFN 

  [Text] The proceedings of the Arab Maghreb Union [AMU] 
Ministerial Council's 15th session ended yesterday at Djnan el 
Mithaq Residence. Algerian Foreign Minister Mohamed Salah 
Dembri, who chaired the proceedings, delivered a closing speech 
in which he stressed the excellent positive results that were 
achieved during this session, and which will undoubtedly 
contribute toward boosting and entrenching the Maghreban 
unionist action. 
  Here now follows a statement given by the foreign minister 
to 
our colleague Ahmed Kheda, in which he assessed the results of 
the session: 
  [Begin Dembri recording] The session had a special 
importance 
because for the first time the agenda enabled us to conduct a 
profound study on how to renew the working method of the AMU. 
On the other hand, during this session we managed to break away 
from traditional considerations and begin building economic 
integration. 
  As you are aware, Algeria tabled three proposals relating to 
the construction of factories whose products would meet all 
Maghreban needs like railways, pipelines etc... This is a new 
working method, and I believe that the foreign ministers have 
placed the Maghreban train on the right track. 
  This is the conclusion I got from this session. In parallel, 
our political consultation was excellent, because for the first 
time we witnessed the presence of a Maghreban sensitivity 
without any divergence in opinions, especially when we reviewed 
all issues on the international level, and everything that 
affects the common Arab destiny. [end recording] 

