BFN 

<F P=106> ["Performance of Provincial Art Propaganda Troupes </F>
Celebrating 30th Anniversary of Start of Work by Comrade Kim 
Chong-il at C.C., WPK" -- KCNA headline] 
  [Text] Pyongyang, June 18 (KCNA) -- A performance was given 
by the provincial art propaganda troupes on Friday on the lapse 
of 30 years since the dear leader Comrade Kim Chong-il began 
working at the Central Committee [C.C.] of the Workers' Party of 
Korea [WPK]. 
  Politburo members of the C.C., the WPK and Vice-Presidents 
Yi 
Chong-ok and Pak Song-chol and party and government cadres saw 
the performance with working people in the capital. 
  The poem and song "His Whole Life," the chorus poem "the 
brilliant commander of Mt. Paektu" were included in the colorful 
program praising the greatness and leadership feats of Comrade 
Kim Chong-il who is successfully carrying forward to 
accomplishment the revolutionary cause of chuche started in the 
thick forests of Mt. Paektu and showing the Korean people's 
unshakable faith and steadfast will to glorify the socialist 
motherland, united around the party in one mind, with highest 
national pride in making revolution under his guidance. 
  The program also included stage pieces telling how the dear 
leader reared the popular masses to be revolutionary soldiers 
faithful to the party and the leader by embracing them with 
benevolent politics of love and trust, and depicting the pride 
of our nation blessed with sagacious leaders. 

