Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Russia's agriculture "failed to overcome the 
extremely complex financial and economic situation in 1993," 
Deputy Prime Minister Aleksandr Zaveryukha, in charge of 
agribusiness in the government, declared at a news conference in 
Moscow on Friday. He reported that the debt to the farms for 
their produce totalled 2.3 Tn [trillion] rubles, and the farms 
debt to the state for fuel, machinery, and other supplies 
amounted to 1.8 Tn rubles. 
  He said that although the cabinet set aside 2.3 Tn rubles in 
credit at 231% interest for farms in the first quarter of 1994, 
this fell short of a badly needed credit worth 6 Tn rubles, 
which, according to him, "may put the spring agricultural 
season" at risk." 
  However, Zaveryukha is sure that in 1994 Russia will be 
self-sufficient in food, and "to secure the domestic 
agricultural producer," the government even plans custom duties 
of up to 20% on dairy and meat products and custom duties of 
nearly 25% on sugar. 
  He ruled out any change in the government's course toward 
reform and pledged to restructure agriculture, but only on the 
condition of a tough fiscal policy since "only such an approach 
will compel the Russian farmer to be more efficient." 
  Zaveryukha rejected former Finance Minister Boris Fedorov's 
charges of the "agro-industrial complex's lobby," but said that 
he was not going to get into an argument. 

