Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [From the "Vesti" newscast] 
  [Text] The question of Baykonur has come up again. In Almaty 
today, Kazakh State Secretary Tulegen Zhukeyev held a briefing 
on the problem of the Baykonur cosmodrome. During the briefing, 
Zhukeyev said Kazakhstan was prepared to lease the Baykonur 
cosmodrome and three military test sites to Russia for seven 
billion dollars per year. He said Russia has not yet responded 
to this proposal. 
  It is much easier to reach agreement with the United States 
and Iran than with Russia, Zhukeyev said. Efforts to resolve 
the Baykonur problem were begun during the recent visit to 
Almaty by Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin. The 
construction of a new cosmodrome is not a realistic option for 
Russia, and Kazakhstan spends up to three billion [currency not 
specified] on Baykonur every year. Therefore, Zhukeyev 
considers, it would be a good idea to receive from Russia 
military equipment at prices acceptable to our ally in 
compensation for this money. 
  In regards to the Russian military departments that are 
seeking to legitimize the permanent stationing of their units in 
Kazakhstan, the republic's leadership considers that this is 
incorrect. How can we explain this to Kazakh citizens, who are 
still afraid of the Russian empire, Zhukeyev asked. He 
acknowledged, however, that Russia was the center of the CIS and 
that its strategic interests should be taken into account. 

