BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Yi Sok-u on an interview with ROK Foreign </F>
Minister Han Sung-chu by domestic reporters at Kimpo Airport, 
Seoul on 9 June] 
  [Text] Foreign Minister Han Sung-chu, returning from his 
visit to Russia, the United Nations, and China, met with 
reporters upon his arrival at Kimpo Airport on 9 June. He said, 
"China has been cooperative so far and I hope China will 
continue to play a constructive role in the future as well." 
Foreign Minister Han expressed satisfaction over the ROK-PRC 
foreign ministers' talks he had in Beijing. 
  [Question] Would you comment on your visit to China? 
  [Han Sung-chu] I had close consultations on the North Korean 
nuclear issue with China. I am satisfied with the results of 
the consultations. 
  [Question] Dialogue with North Korea was discontinued. Would 
you comment? 
  [Han] Continuing dialogue is the government's policy. The 
problem is, however, that it is impossible to have dialogue. 
  [Question] What did you discuss with Chinese Foreign 
Minister 
Qian Qichen? 
  [Han] I visited China after realizing how serious the North 
Korean nuclear issue is internationally. The UN Security 
Council is about to impose sanctions on North Korea. I visited 
China, first, to call on it to cooperate in passing a resolution 
at the UN Security Council and, second, to ask it to persuade 
North Korea to cooperate with the International Atomic Energy 
Agency [IAEA]. I did so in the belief that it was important for 
me to know what China thought about adopting a resolution on 
sanctions. China has assumed a cooperative attitude and played 
positive roles. China said this time, as well, that it would 
play constructive roles. 
  [Question] Would you elaborate on your discussion with 
China? 
  [Han] In the first place, I did not expect China to express 
its support for or opposition to a resolution on sanctions. 
China will make a decision depending on whether or not North 
Korea will fulfill its duties as a member of the IAEA. I will 
not say there was some concrete achievement from the 
consultations this time. The consultations were meaningful in 
that the ROK and China exchanged views and furthered their 
mutual understanding. 
  [Question] What are the prospects for discussing a 
resolution 
on sanctions? 
  [Han] Unless North Korea changes its current attitude, a 
resolution on sanctions will be presented, and I think the 
adoption of a resolution will be unavoidable. 
  [Question] Do you think that it is possible to measure North 
Korea's fuel rods in the future? 
  [Han] North Korea alleges that it is still possible to 
verify its past activities. This allegation is groundless given 
the information and facts available now. North Korea presenting 
evidence on its past activities and declaring that it would 
ensure complete nuclear safeguards would open the way for 
dialogue. 
  [Question] Would you elaborate on consultations among the 
ROK, the United States, and Japan? 
  [Han] The three countries have so far discussed 
countermeasures, including a resolution on sanctions. 
  I held talks with the foreign ministers of the United States 
and Japan over the telephone or during personal meetings. My 
main concern is to pass a resolution on sanctions at the UN 
Security Council. I have never imagined a resolution on 
sanctions would not pass the UN Security Council. 

