BFN 

  [Text] Kiev, 17 May -- On 13 May, the Republic of Crimea 
signed a framework agreement with the Russian Federation on 
economy and trade. Representatives of Ukraine's Ministry of 
Foreign Affairs point out, however, that the agreement cannot be 
regarded as an international treaty, since one of the sides (the 
Republic of Crimea) has no international legal status, being an 
autonomous constituent part of Ukraine. 
  The agreement that was signed stipulates its aim as that of 
promoting further development of ties between the Russian 
Federation and the Republic of Crimea as a part of Ukraine on 
the basis of the Russo-Ukrainian intergovernmental agreement on 
trade and economic cooperation in 1994. What the Ukrainian side 
is concerned about is the very procedure of signing this 
agreement, since Russia had previously stated to all countries 
and international organizations that entities within the Russian 
Federation signing foreign trade agreements must coordinate 
their actions with the federal authorities. 
  In its relations with the Russian Federation, Ukraine 
strictly adheres to the proposed procedure. Thus, direct trade 
agreements between Ukraine and the Republic of Sakha (Yakutia) 
and the Republic of Tatarstan were signed only after necessary 
consent was obtained from the Russian federal authorities. 
Ukraine informed the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in a 
respective note dated 29 March that the Republic of Crimea is 
required to coordinate its actions with Ukraine's central 
authorities in setting up international and foreign trade links. 
But this was not done and Russia has once again violated the 
principle of reciprocity in international relations. 

