Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Dispatch by Zhao Xinglin (6392 5281 2651): "All-Round </F>
Growth Registered in Foreign Trade in Beijing Last Year"] 
  [Text] Beijing, 10 Jan (RENMIN RIBAO) -- Thanks to the new 
concept of "large-scale economic and trade activities, extensive 
circulation, and huge markets" put forth by Beijing in exploring 
foreign economic and trade work, all-round growth was registered 
in various economic and trade targets in 1993, as shown by the 
following facts: The total import and export volume reached 
$3.04 billion, increasing by 40.5 percent over the previous 
year; a total of 3,752 foreign-invested enterprises were newly 
approved, with a contracted investment total of $10.39 billion, 
increasing by 1.7 and 4.3 times respectively on the previous 
year. 
  There were four striking features in Beijing's foreign 
economic and trade development in 1993. 1) Over 20 
transnational corporations, including such large and renowned 
companies as Matsushita Electronics Industries of Japan, 
Unilever of the UK, Eveready Batteries and Kraft General Foods 
of the United States, ABB of Germany [country as published; ABB 
is a joint Swedish, Swiss concern], and so on invested in 
Beijing. 2) Major breakthroughs was made in real estate 
development with foreign capital, as 176 foreign-invested 
housing projects were newly approved with a total contracted 
amount of $5.85 billion, which has injected new vigor and 
vitality into Beijing in its advance toward becoming a modern 
metropolis. 3) In the construction of scientific and 
technological development zones and small industrial zones, 
stress was put on the development of a number of 
foreign-invested enterprises featuring advanced technology and 
export orientation, and priority was given to the development of 
new, high-technology industry. A bumper harvest was reaped by 
Beijing's experimental hi-tech industrial development zone last 
year, with total revenues gained from technical services, 
industry, and trade exceeding 10 billion yuan. The zone has 
increased its supply of additional commodities for export. 4) 
Reform of the foreign trade structure was deepened, and a new 
pattern embracing specialized foreign trade corporations, 
industrial and trade corporations, locally run export 
enterprises, and foreign-invested enterprises began to take 
shape. 
  Among Beijing's industrial units, a number of large 
state-owned enterprises, with the cooperation of some 
internationally famous production enterprises, are undergoing 
transformation with new high technology, and backbone export 
enterprises have emerged in large numbers. 

