BFN 

<F P=106> [Letter from "political parties and organizations, and mass, </F>
creative, and popular organizations in the Republic of Yemen" to 
UN Security Council president; place and date not given] 
  [Text] Brother UN Security Council president: 
  Greetings, 
  We would like to inform your excellency, as well as the UN 
Security Council member states, of our absolute rejection of any 
intervention by your esteemed council in what is happening 
inside our country, since it is an internal affair. What is 
happening is that the entire people are seeking to preserve 
their unity, which will guarantee their stability and the 
stability of the region, against a attempted secession and a 
rebellion that aims at striking at their unity, Constitutional 
legitimacy, and stability. This attempt represents only those 
who are behind it, and not the Yemeni people, who agree on unity. 
  You must understand that involving the Security Council in 
such an internal affair will only help complicate the problem 
and damage the sincere Yemeni efforts that are being exerted to 
end and contain the rebellion, on the basis of preserving the 
unity of our country and abidance by the Constitution and 
Constitutional legitimacy, which were strengthened by the first 
free, democratic elections on 27 April 1993, as testified by the 
entire world, foremost of which are the five permanent members 
of your esteemed council. 
  Any intervention constitutes an aggression against the 
Republic of Yemen's unity and regional sovereignty and is 
unacceptable to our people or the norms of international law, 
which underline the sovereignty of UN member states. 
  We urge your esteemed council to advise all states in the 
region to respect the Republic of Yemen's sovereignty, to 
strictly abide by international law and the UN Charter, and not 
to intervene in Yemeni internal affairs, out of concern for 
world peace and security. 
  Please distribute this cable to all member states as a UN 
document. Please accept our best regards. 

