Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by B. N. Pankov; UDC 537.228:621.3.049.77] </F>
  [Abstract] Problems of organizing and selecting the 
structure and circuit of elementary cells of a controlled 
transparency of an opto-electronic memory device based on thin 
ferro-electric films are examined. The feasibility and 
advantages are demonstrated of combining the complimentary metal 
oxide semiconductor, silicon on sapphire or silicon on insulated 
substrate with the technology of thin ferroelectric films. A 
structural diagram of a transparency cell with electronic 
recording of information is provided and its functioning is 
discussed. The cell contains an electronic memory element - a 
static flip-flop - and four identical light modulators. Two of 
these modulators are switchable and have a paraphase control. 
Two other, reference modulators, are not switchable and are 
controlled by a dc voltage from an external source. An other 
cell is also described, which contains a differential converter 
with two photo-receivers at the input. For a group parallel 
optical information recording on the transparency, it is best to 
employ in the cell a differential photo-electric converter with 
two photo-detectors at the output operating in the optical 
signal integration mode and a latch flip-flop at the output. 
Figures 4, references 13: 8 Russian, 5 Western 

