BFN 

  [Text] Estonia will urge the world community to back its 
demand for the Russian troops' withdrawal by August 31, 1994, 
Estonian Foreign Minister Juri Luik told the newspaper 
Hommikuleht on Monday. 
  He said that the west supported this demand. It is extremely 
important, he went on to say, that by the time the 19th round of 
the Estonian-Russian talks begin, the western states' position 
become clear to Russia. He pointed out that Estonia would raise 
this question in international organizations, including the 
Western European Union, the European Union and NATO. Estonian 
representatives will also discuss this problems with the 
parliament of some states and with inter-parliamentary 
organizations, he said. 
  He announced that during his last week's visit to Brussels, 
he addressed the European Parliament's commission for foreign 
affairs, after which some of the parliamentary factions proposed 
that the European Parliament adopt a resolution supporting the 
demand for the withdrawal of the Russian troops from Estonia by 
August 31 without additional terms. 
  During the latest round of the Russian-Estonian talks in 
Moscow, Russia stated that the 2,500 Russian servicemen still 
staying in Estonia would not be withdrawn from Estonia by August 
31, if Estonia did not provide Russian military pensioners with 
social guarantees. Estonia refused to do so, saying that this 
move would go against the national legislation. 

