BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Sergey Ostanin] </F>
  [Text] Sukhumi, 27 Jun -- The deployment of Russian 
peacekeeping forces along the line of Georgian-Abkhaz 
confrontation has been completed. The Russian military 
contingent deployed in the security area on either side of the 
Inguri river at an equal distance of 12 km is estimated to 
number 2,500 men. Izida Chanin, head of the information section 
at the Abkhaz Information and Press Ministry told an ITAR-TASS 
correspondent today that 1,400 Russian paratroopers are serving 
on Abkhaz territory. 
  In her words, the paratroopers are guarding the most vital 
facilities in Galskiy Rayon, including a hydroelectric power 
station on the Inguri river. A tough curfew is in force in the 
area, and the areas in which the peacekeepers are deployed are 
patrolled on the ground and from the air. 
  The Abkhaz authorities say that the deployment of the 
peacekeeping forces proceeded without incident, with not a 
single post coming under fire. The Abkhaz Information and Press 
Ministry reports that this assessment coincides with the view of 
the joint command headquarters of the group of Russian 
peacekeeping forces. The peacekeeping forces are expected to be 
deployed at all checkpoints and control and observation posts by 
29 June, and by 30 June the remaining Georgian armed formations 
are to be withdrawn from the Kodori Gorge to areas outside 
Abkhazia under the supervision of UN representatives. 

