Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["Text" of statement issued by the Political Forces Dialogue </F>
Committee on 12 January; place not given] 
  [Text] In the name of God, the merciful, the compassionate. 
The Political Forces Dialogue Committee had earlier set 10 
January 1994 as the deadline for completing the dialogue 
document, which must enshrine the bases for building the state 
and addressing the problems plaguing the homeland and its 
citizens, and which must also be used as a guide to defuse the 
ongoing crisis. The concern to reconcile the views of all 
participants made it impossible to reach agreement on this 
document on time. This prompted some forces taking part in the 
dialogue to say that they would not proceed with the dialogue 
unless the committee issues a statement, explaining the reasons 
and setting another deadline for completion of the document. 
  The Dialogue Committee favorably viewed a host of proposals 
submitted by the opposition bloc. Hence, the Dialogue Committee 
regrets the delay, which was not under the participants' 
control, and announces that 18 January 1994 shall be the last 
deadline for agreement on the draft document in preparation for 
its endorsement by the concerned parties. The political forces 
engaged in the dialogue pledge to our people's masses to do 
their utmost to complete the agreement document. It is God 
whose satisfaction and guidance we pray for. 

