Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Jose Marcano from "The News" newscast] </F>
  [Text] The Central Bank of Venezuela has granted 60 
billion bolivares to Fogade [Deposit Guarantee Fund] in 
financial support for the operation required by Banco Latino. 
The sum is intended to enable account holders who have up to 1 
million bolivares to withdraw their money from the bank in two 
weeks. This information was released by Fogade President 
Esperanza Martino, who said she received written notification 
from the president of the Central Bank of Venezuela early Friday 
morning. 
  The Central Bank of Venezuela's contribution is expected to 
enable Banco Latino account holders whose deposits range between 
400,000 and 1 million bolivares to withdraw their money. Fogade 
would thus fulfill its obligation to 75 percent of its account 
holders. 
  [Begin Martino recording] The Central Bank of Venezuela has 
demanded that we act in coordination with the audit board, the 
Bank Superintendency, and the Central Bank of Venezuela so we 
may receive the advance payment. The goal is to provide the 
guarantees specified by law so we may reach a settlement with 
the audit board. We will get 60 billion bolivares to meet what 
we consider to be our basic obligation, guaranteeing accounts of 
up to 1 million bolivares. [end recording] 
  Esperanza Martino also said Fogade is studying a series of 
formulas to cooperate with all the account holders who have more 
than 1 million bolivares in Banco Latino. The possibility of 
issuing Fogade bonds is being analyzed, but Esperanza Martino 
said this does not represent an obligation for her organization, 
adding it will be done as a courtesy. 

