BFN 

  [Text] Foreign Minister Karolos Papoulias met in Istanbul 
with his U.S. counterpart, Warren Christopher, who asked Greece 
to disarm its fighter planes that engage in interceptions over 
the Aegean--as did Turkey--to reduce tension between the two 
countries. During a news conference, Christopher said he made 
this proposal believing that it would be very constructive if 
the Greek side replied positively. The U.S. secretary of state 
said Greece promised to study his request. 
  Correspondent Foivos Karzis reports on Papoulias' meetings 
in 
Istanbul: 
  [Begin recording] [Karzis] Papoulias met Stephen Oxman, the 
U.S. assistant secretary of state for European affairs, and 
mainly discussed the Cyprus issue. The Greek foreign minister 
stressed that the latest round of talks on Cyprus noted the 
clinical death of the confidence-building measures [CBM] 
procedure. Christopher disagreed with this evaluation. 
  Papoulias raised the issue of the Greek minority in Albanian 
with his Italian counterpart, Martino. They also discussed the 
issue of the Ecumenical Patriarchate, which took a new turn when 
35 Turkish deputies asked the Turkish National Assembly for an 
investigation into the activities of the Patriarchate. 
  At a news conference after the meeting of the two ministers, 
Papoulias said: 
  [Papoulias] I noted that this is an issue dealing with 
Greek-Turkish relations and that surely there would be no need 
to refer to this issue if Turkish airplanes did not violate 
national airspace. I asserted that raising one's voice does not 
create the necessary climate for overcoming the great 
difficulties in Greek-Turkish relations. I noted to Turkish 
Foreign Minister Hikmet Cetin that unfounded allegations against 
Greece about the supposed support of terrorist activities are 
unacceptable and do not contribute to smooth bilateral 
relations. I called on him to inform us if there is any 
evidence. [end recording] 

