Language: <F P=105> German </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Berlin (ADN-WDO) [ADN business service] -- A draft 
law was adopted by the German cabinet today to improve 
cooperation between the German and Russian customs authorities. 
This means that the treaty of 16 December 1992 concluded 
between the Federal Republic and the Russian Federation has been 
translated into domestic law. It provides for the two customs 
authorities to give each other mutual support to prevent, 
investigate, and pursue violations of customs legislation 
between the two states. 
  Finance Minister Theo Waigel said the treaty is intended to 
ensure that customs dues and other import and export payments 
were levied. Also, the customs authorities are to step up their 
cooperation in combating the smuggling of drugs, arms, and 
nuclear material, as well as the smuggling of high-tax goods. 
Waigel said the translation of the treaty into domestic law 
would form the basis for more effective monitoring of 
cross-border smuggling, which had risen sharply as a result of 
the political changes in Central and East Europe. 
Irregularities and offenses could also be combatted more 
effectively. This was also in the interests of the economy, 
Waigel stressed, because illegal imports and exports led to 
distortions in competition. 

