BFN 

<F P=106> [ANC press statement issued on 9 June on the SAPA PR Wire] </F>
  [Text] The process of integration into the new SANDF [South 
African National Defense Force] is proving to be less than 
satisfactory, causing unnecessary tensions and hardships for 
many MK [Umkhonto we Sizwe -- Spear of the Nation; ANC military 
wing] members who want to join the army and serve the new South 
Africa. 
  While the process of integration has been agreed to in 
negotiations, to date the newly appointed chief of the army, 
General Meiring, has as yet failed to confirm the appointments 
of senior officers who would be charged with overseeing 
implementation. 
  At the same time, administrative errors and deficiencies 
have 
resulted in the names of many longstanding MK cadres not 
appearing on the official list. Instead of resolving this 
constructively, utilising the presence of these cadres at the 
agreed assembly points, there has been a high-handed instruction 
to simply send them back to the regions. 
  The ANC urges that the minister of defence and the chief of 
the army pay special attention to the plight of these soldiers. 
At present there are approximately 2,000 people who have been 
removed from the Wallmannsthal assembly area. 
  The unfortunate manner in which these cadres were dealt with 
is unacceptable, and resulted in their spending the night on the 
street. 
  The inadequate situation affecting logistics and resources, 
including food and clothing, at all assembly points should also 
be urgently addressed by the chief of the army. 
  All of the above has been raised with the minister of 
defence, including the decision making process and lines of 
authority. We look forward to his immediate attention to the 
problem so that it can be resolved without further dispute or 
tension, and in the spirit of ensuring harmonious and effective 
integration. 
Issued by: ANC Department of Information and Publicity PO Box 
61884 Marshalltown 2107 

