BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by correspondent Alves Antonio in Lusaka] </F>
  [Text] Good afternoon. The government ultimatum to the 
mediator has begun to bear fruit. Over the past few hours the 
government mediating team asked Alioune Blondin Beye to play his 
true role or else it would publicly expose a number of 
situations that it regards as incorrect and prejudicial to the 
negotiating process. 
  The government ultimatum led Blondin Beye to redouble his 
contacts with National Union for the Total Independence of 
Angola's [UNITA] men with a view to convincing them to return to 
the negotiating table at once. The dosage administered by the 
government representatives worked like a wonder drug. 
Accordingly, this morning the mediator received in his room the 
government and UNITA chief negotiators. It is believed that 
issues relating to the adoption of a working agenda were 
discussed during the meeting. It is already known that the 
government is staying put, in that it will only discuss other 
points of the agenda once the issue under discussion -- the 
future of the Voice of Resistance of the Black Cockerel -- has 
been settled. 
  The UNITA negotiating team appears to be calmer because it 
already knows what government posts will be assigned to that 
organization. Yesterday, the UNITA delegation received the 
government document on this issue. Since silence is golden, the 
contents of the government document are not known, except that a 
number of ministerial portfolios have been given to UNITA. 
  The government and UNITA chief negotiators are scheduled to 
meet the mediator as of 1530 today. 

