BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Anatoliy Yurkin] </F>
  [Text] Moscow 19 April -- The current level of financing 
the armed forces will leave Russia without nuclear weapons by 
the end of the century, Lieutenant General Yuriy Merkulov said 
at parliamentary hearings in the State Duma. The Russian 
Defense Ministry representative supported his conclusion by an 
analysis of the state of strategic nuclear forces. All the 
indicators are showing a negative tendency. Thus, according to 
him, the submarine missile fleet is being forcibly reduced, 
aviation regiments are not getting new bombers and the funds 
allocated are not enough to service the missile facilities of 
strategic missile forces. 
  Today's hearings at the State Duma Defense Committee ``On 
the 
implementation of the USSR-U.S. treaty on reducing and limiting 
strategic offensive armaments and on concomitant problems'' 
revealed the difficulties which Russia is encountering while 
implementing its obligations. It was noted, inter alia, that 
START-I has been ratified but has not come into force. Its 
implementation is linked to long-term operations aimed at 
eliminating weapons and to the volumes of funding. 
  According to committee chairman Sergey Yushenkov, today's 
hearings should be regarded as a preliminary stage of the 
START-II ratification process. In Yushenkov's view, it will 
soon be submitted to the State Duma for ratification. The U.S. 
side is interested in the results of the forthcoming 
examination. A group of U.S. Congressmen is expected in Moscow 
in May. The main purpose of their visit is to ascertain the 
partners' attitude to the implementation by Russia of the treaty 
obligations for further reducing strategic offensive weapons. 

