BFN 

  [Text] A delegation of the Financial and Economic Committee 
of the Chinese National People's Congress [NPC], led by Vice 
Chairman Zeng Xianlin, paid a working visit to our country from 
9 April at the invitation of the Vietnamese National Assembly's 
Economy and Budget Committee. 
  The delegation was cordially received by National Assembly 
Chairman Nong Duc Manh. The delegation held talks with the 
delegation of the Vietnamese National Assembly's Economy and 
Budget Committee. The objective of the talks was to strengthen 
the friendly and cooperative ties between the two committees. 
The delegation had a working session with the leading officials 
of the Ministries of Finance and Trade and of the State 
Committee for Cooperation and Investment. 
  The delegation toured Ha Bac Province and a number of plants 
built in Hanoi and Ha Bac with Chinese aid to our country. 
During those meetings and working sessions, leading officials 
of the Vietnamese agencies and localities informed the 
delegation of the national situation and of the important 
achievements that our people have scored in the national 
renovation and construction cause. 
  The comrade head delegate welcomed our country's renovation 
achievements and expressed the Chinese side's desire to promote 
the friendship and good neighborliness between the two national 
assemblies and peoples for the sake of each country's interest. 
  The delegation left Hanoi today to visit a number of 
southern 
provinces before going home. 

