BFN 

<F P=106> [Announcer-read report over video] </F>
  [Excerpt] Murat Karayalcin, state minister and deputy 
prime minister, has said that the coalition government is 
implementing the 5 April economic decisions on the one hand, 
while it has started a brand new democratization process on the 
other. Karayalcin visited the Turkish Union of Chambers of 
Architects Engineers and the Turkish Union of Chambers and Stock 
Exchanges today. 
  During his visit to the Turkish Union of Chambers of 
Architects and Engineers, Karayalcin met with Chairman Yavuz 
Onen and other officials. He pointed out that the 
democratization package announced to the public on 18 May 
involves certain changes in the Constitution, but the interparty 
meetings held under Assembly Speaker Husamettin Cindoruk on this 
issue reached a deadlock on Article 24 which concerns 
secularism. Karayalcin stressed that Turkey seriously needs 
domestic peace. 
  [Begin Karayalcin recording] We want to push the issue of 
secularism away from being a point of discord in Turkey. The 
Social Democratic Populist Party [SDPP] is determined to end the 
dichotomy of secular versus Muslim which certain circles are 
trying to create. The SDPP believes that this dichotomy does 
not exist in Turkey. It is true that the dichotomy between 
secular and antisecular exists and will continue to exist in 
Turkey. We are very sensitive about this issue. There is no 
conflict between Muslims and secular forces in Turkey, however, 
and we will not allow such conflicts to be created. [end 
recording] [passage omitted] 

