BFN 

<F P=106> ["Brief profile" of General Chang Song, newly appointed CFC </F>
deputy commander in chief, from the "Face" column] 
  [Text] General Chang Song, newly appointed deputy commander 
in chief of the Combined Forces Command [CFC], is a professional 
policymaker who served as commander of a division on the front 
line, chief of the Policy Planning Section in the Army 
Headquarters, commander of an Army corp, and chief of the Policy 
Section in the Ministry of National Defense. When he served as 
field officer, he greatly demonstrated his abilities in areas of 
military strategy, planning, and policy. 
  He is well known as a capable dynamic man. After completing 
his duty as chief of the policy section in the Ministry of 
National Defense, he served as superintendent of the Korea 
Military Academy at the end of last year, and, at the same time, 
served as chairman of the committee to improve the national 
defense system in the Ministry of National Defense for about two 
months, starting last January. It has been reported that he has 
been appointed to the post of CFC deputy commander in chief as a 
result of his excellent contribution to formulating a 
significant plan to improve the national defense system. 
  He is 55 years old and was born in Yondong County, North 
Chungbuk Province. He served as chief of the Military Strategy 
Section in the Joint Chiefs of Staff, coordinator of the 
Investment Project Section in the Ministry of National Defense, 
chief of the Policy and Planning Section at the Army 
Headquarters, commander of an Army corp, chief of the Policy 
Coordination Section in the Ministry of National Defense, and 
superintendent of the Korea Military Academy. 

