BFN 

  [Text] The forum on anticorruption work of some organs 
under the provincial government held in Jinan on the morning of 
23 June pointed out: We should correctly understand the 
situation of this year's anticorruption campaign and concentrate 
efforts on major points to ensure the even greater results of 
the campaign. 
  After listening to the report of the anticorruption 
situation 
of departments concerned, Zhang Ruifeng, vice governor of the 
province, said: Since the beginning of this year, party 
committees and governments at various levels in the province 
have achieved outstanding results in opposing corruption. 
According to the survey of 131 units directly under the 
provincial authorities, 24 cars bought in violation of state 
regulations were ferreted out; 22 imported 3,000-cc sedans were 
secured; 2,592 unreasonable financial levies were canceled, 
which would reduce financial levies by 250 million yuan; 228 
economic entities run by party and government organs were 
abolished; 6,378 economic entitles run by party and government 
organs were forced to separate themselves from party and 
government organs; and 125 overseas tourist teams were canceled, 
which would save some 8.12 million yuan in expenses. 
  For the next step of anticorruption work, Zhang Ruifeng set 
three demands: First, leading cadres should effect new progress 
in maintaining high standards of ethical integrity. They should 
talk and behave in strict accordance with the new five-point 
regulations set forth by the central authorities this year, 
should correct mistakes as quickly as possible, and should exert 
great efforts in yielding practical results. Second, new 
progress should be made in the work of correcting unhealthy 
trends. This year, the priorities of this work are to clear up 
unwarranted pooling of funds and arbitrary requisition of 
donations and exaction of fees from enterprises, to screen the 
overseas tours with public funds, to prevent party and 
government organs from sharing the interests of enterprises 
without compensation, and to vigorously check the evil trends 
prominently existing among departments and trades. Third, a new 
breakthrough should be made in investigating and handling major 
and appalling cases. 

