BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondents Albert Kochetkov and Mikhail </F>
Shevtsov] 
  [Text] Tbilisi June 10 TASS -- Georgia is ready to accept 
Russia's proposals to build its military bases on the Georgian 
territory but with certain reservations, vice-premier of the 
republic, Tamaz Nadareishvili, who is in charge of military 
construction, told ITAR-TASS today. 
  He made this statement in connection with the Russian 
defense 
minister's working visit to Georgia whose program includes not 
only specifying the terms and the mechanism for bringing Russian 
peacekeeping forces to Abkhazia, but also the continuation of 
the talks about stationing military bases on the territory of 
the republic instead of the present group of Russian troops in 
the Transcaucasian region. 
  According to Tamaz Nadareishvili, Georgia should have 
switched over to stationing Russian armed troops on its 
territory in military bases. 
  "But I have some counter-arguments in this question. After 
studying the materials of the previous Russian-Georgian talks on 
this issue, I cannot agree that the draft agreement determines 
only three Russian military bases -- in Vaziani, Batumi and 
Akhalkalaki. In addition, the draft agreement should include 
such large places of disposition of Russian military units as 
Gudauta and Ochamchira. The Gudauta base should be leading on 
the list of the supposed Russian military bases because it is 
the largest one and its geographic position is extremely 
important for Georgia. I am also puzzled why the Gudauta 
military base is taken out of control by the group of Russian 
troops in the Transcaucasian region as if Gudauta were not 
situated on the Georgian territory," Vice-Premier Tamaz 
Nadareishvili pointed out. 

