Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Kuwait 2 Jan, (KUNA) -- A responsible source at the 
Interior Ministry said that the ministry would not allow 
nationals of the adversary states to enter Kuwait, even in the 
event of the restoration of diplomatic relations between Kuwait 
and those states. 
  In a statement to the newspaper AL-RAY AL-'AM published 
today, the source says that the cause for this is the position 
of these states and their nationals during the period of the 
savage invasion and the occupation of Kuwait by the Iraqi 
regime, positions that prolonged its occupation of Kuwait. The 
source has also stressed that the Interior Ministry recently 
discovered that some nationals of the adversary states had 
entered the country with false passports and nationalities, and 
they are now being investigated. 
  He said that the ministry was still engaged in large-scale 
search operations to arrest those who contravened the residence 
law. The ministry, in cooperation with the Ministry of Social 
Affairs, has also referred to the public prosecutor's office a 
number of foreign nationals for contravening employment laws and 
regulations. He also said that in the new year, the country 
would witness greater and more stable security now that the 
ministry has laid down several plans that will be implemented in 
stages, among which is restricting the number of immigrants, the 
confiscation of weapons still in the hands of some people, and 
severity in the carrying out of the laws pertaining to the 
country's security and safety. 

