Language: <F P=105> Persian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] A joint communique was issued last night at the end 
of the talks between the foreign ministers of the Islamic 
Republic of Iran and of the Republic of Georgia in Tehran. In 
the communique the two countries emphasize the need for regional 
countries to actively participate in finding a peaceful solution 
to the existing crises in the Caucasus and in the establishment 
of permanent peace and stability in the region. 
  As for the shipment of gas from the Islamic Republic of Iran 
to Georgia, it was agreed that a long-term agreement is needed 
in this regard and that delegations of experts from the two 
countries will meet in the near future to prepare the 
preliminary steps. The two countries are also to use their full 
potential to expand cooperation in transportation, especially 
road and air transportation. 
  Regarding agriculture, the two sides stressed the need to 
expand relations; and it was decided that our agriculture 
minister will visit Georgia soon. On the basis of an agreement 
between the two countries, a joint economic commission is to be 
formed early this year. 
  In the joint communique, the Georgian Government expresses 
gratitude for Tehran's assistance and calls for the continuation 
of such assistance. This request has been accepted by the 
Islamic Republic of Iran. 

