Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The main result of a meeting of the CIS 
Interparliamentary Assembly Council in St. Petersburg today is 
the agreement to hold an interparliamentary meeting of the CIS 
states on the settlement in Nagorno-Karabakh in the Kyrgyz 
capital of Bishkek this spring. This statement was made by the 
new chairman of the assembly's council, Speaker of the Russian 
Federation Council, Vladimir Shumeyko, at a press conference in 
St. Petersburg. 
  Shumeyko said the proposal was initiated by the CIS 
Interparliamentary Group chaired by Kyrgyz Parliamentary Speaker 
Meditkan Sherimkulov. 
  Azerbaijani Deputy Speaker Afiyaddin Dzhalilov expressed his 
satisfaction over an agreement with Armenian Speaker Babken 
Ararktsyan on this issue pointing out that "positive moves" were 
taking shape. Ararktsyan told the press conference that Armenia 
is ready to consider the joint initiative by Russia, CSCE and 
the Interparliamentary Assembly Council to stop hostilities in 
Nagorno- Karabakh and the laying of any territorial claims on 
Azerbaijan. 
  The council decided to hold a fourth plenary session of the 
Interparliamentary Assembly in St. Petersburg on March 17-18 and 
to announce a contest for the the designing of the assembly's 
flag and emblem. 

