BFN 

  [Text] Zvornik, April 28 (TANJUG) -- Ill and wounded Serbs 
who were evacuated from Gorazde in two U.N. helicopters on 
Wednesday say that the remaining Serb population is exposed to 
unheard of Muslim terror and atrocities. Eight sick and nine 
wounded Serbs were airlifted to the village of Sokolac, 
northeast of Sarajevo within the Bosnian Serb Republic (RS). 
  The Gorazde Muslim authorities abused the town's status of a 
U.N. safe area and before the very eyes of the U.N. Protection 
Force (UNPROFOR) killed, tortured and harrassed in various ways 
the remaining several hundred of Gorazde's 12,000 pre-war Serb 
inhabitants. The Muslims even desecrated the Serb cemetery and 
pulled down the 700-year-old St. George church. 400 Serbs 
remain trapped in the part of the town controlled by Ferid 
Buljubasic, one of the biggest Muslim fundamentalists in Bosnia. 
That part of Gorazde also contains camps for Serbs, such as the 
one in the suburb of Vinarici, and `Stamparija' and 'Cementara' 
in Vitkovici, close to the town, where hundreds of Serb men and 
women were tortured and killed. 
  The truth about Muslim atrocities against the Serbs began to 
come out only after the Bosnian Serb army neared Gorazde in a 
counterattack to the Muslim offensive launched from this town -- 
a U.N.-designated safe area which should have been demilitarized 
last spring. Over the past few days the French media cited 
several UNPROFOR members who admitted that the number of wounded 
in the battle for Gorazde was inflated at least threefold by the 
Sarajevo Muslim propaganda machinery. This was revealed only 
after the evacuation of the wounded from Gorazde. Following the 
collapse of the Muslim offensive, which was carried out before 
the very eyes of the U.N. peacekeepers, the Muslim authorities 
planted dead and butchered Serbs and presented them to the 
foreign media as the victims of `Serb shelling and snipers.' 

