BFN 

  [Text] On 21 May, the Vietnamese sent 20 truckloads of 
fresh troops to be stationed on the Route 10-Battambang 
battlefield. These Vietnamese troops stayed in Battambang 
Province for one day and one night to change their identity to 
the Khmer Royal Armed Forces before leaving for Route 10 to help 
the routed puppet soldiers who are fleeing the battlefield in 
disarray. 
  It should be recalled that at the beginning of May the 
Vietnamese sent 20 truckloads of troops to Battambang town to 
rescue the puppet troops, who had been routed from Pailin and 
various other important positions on Route 10 as well as the 
areas around Battambang town. Those puppet soldiers were smashed 
time and again even after being rescued by the Vietnamese troops. 
  This clearly proves that the aggressor Vietnamese troops 
have 
continued to fight in person on the Cambodian battlefield during 
the operation to seize Pailin. In March, 500 Vietnamese 
(?troops) also took part in the operation. 
  The Paris agreement demands the total withdrawal of the 
aggressor Vietnamese troops and forces from Cambodia, but the 
Vietnamese have refused to withdraw. Instead of overseeing the 
Vietnamese withdrawal, the UNTAC [UN Transitional Authority in 
Cambodia] helped the Vietnamese. This is why every manner of 
aggressor Vietnamese forces -- in military uniforms and civilian 
clothes -- and 4 million Vietnamese nationals are still in 
Cambodia. [Words indistinct] under Vietnamese control in the 
military and civilian aspects. 
  To solve the problem of war in Cambodia, it is imperative to 
remove all categories of Vietnamese forces -- including the 4 
million Vietnamese nationals -- and all foreign interference in 
Cambodia's internal affairs so as to allow the Cambodian people 
and king to settle their own problems without any outside 
interference. 

