BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, April 5 KYODO -- Japan renewed calls on 
Russia on Tuesday [5 April] to totally ban dumping of 
radioactive wastes in the Sea of Japan and work out as early as 
possible a plan to construct emergency storage and small-scale 
processing facilities. 
  Commenting on reports that Russia may resume the dumping in 
the Sea of Japan next month, Foreign Ministry spokesman Terusuke 
Terada said Japan ``strongly hopes'' that Russia will totally 
ban the ocean dumping by establishing the facilities for 
low-level liquid radioactive wastes. 
  Japan has repeatedly told Russia it is ready to help set up 
such facilities by using funds allocated to a bilateral 
committee for cooperation on the destruction of nuclear weapons 
in Russia, Terada said. 
  ``In order for us to carry out this project, it is a 
prerequisite that the Russian Government actually decides on a 
construction plan for emergency storage and small-scale 
processing facilities,'' Terada told reporters. 
  ``We understand as a matter of fact that while we're engaged 
in dialogue to materialize this project, there will not be any 
ocean dumping by the Russian side,'' he said. 
  Last October, Russia dumped 800 tons of liquid radioactive 
waste in the Sea of Japan. It suspended its planned second 
dumping following protests from Japan and South Korea. 
  Russia's Pacific Fleet indicated it may resume dumping 
nuclear waste in the Sea of Japan in May because its tanker 
TNT-5, loaded with about 500 tons of radioactive waste, is 
decaying and the risk of leakage of the waste is increasing. 

