BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Presidential Bulletin" feature No. 75 (565) for </F>
19 April 1994; compiled by Nikolay Zherebtsov, Andrey 
Petrovskiy, edited by Vladimir Shishlin] 
  [Text] The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development 
(EBRD) is expected to provide a $150-million worth of credits to 
Moldova by the end of this year, Prime Minister Andrey Sangeli 
told reporters in Kishinev [Chisinau] on Monday. He said that a 
total of $100 million would be granted in the first half of this 
year for a glass factory project designed to manufacture bottles 
for dry and vintage wines and champagne meeting European 
standards. A further $50 million is to spent for the 
construction of an environmentally safe power station in the 
town of Beltsy. 
  Other projects under discussion include the refurbishment of 
wine and canned product factories to help increase Moldova's 
exports to the West as well as a port facility on the Danube 
river and fast railway line from Kishinev to Yassy. IF Note: 
Until recently, Moldova depended on IMF and the World Bank for 
financial aide now running at more than $300 million. EBRD is 
expected to open credit lines for direct financing of the 
country's key economic sectors including vineries and wine 
industry which account for 45 percent of its annual foreign 
earnings. The project covers 10 vineries, which can help toward 
higher wine exports when updated. This year, Moldova is 
expected to sell a total of 30 million bottles of champagne, dry 
and vintage wines which makes up 8-10 percent of the total 
produced (wine exports to Russia run at 55 percent). 

