BFN 

<F P=106> [Anatoliy Antonov report under the "Circumstances" rubric: </F>
"Failed Attempt To Put Soviet Power in Mordovia Together Again"] 
  [Text] An attempt of sorts to revive Soviet government in 
Mordovia -- a decree of the Supreme Soviet Presidium of the 
Republic of Mordovia of 11 April 1994 on the so-called 
"conferences of deputies in the regions" -- did not yield the 
action's organizers the desired results. According to 
unofficial reports, it was impossible to hold these conferences 
in any rayon around Mordovia owing to the absence of a quorum. 
For example, as few as 45 deputies gathered in the Saransk City 
Soviet whereas a quorum requires 93. Mr. Biryukov, speaker of 
the Mordovia parliament, decided to take personal part in the 
restoration of Soviet government in Temnikovskiy Rayon -- it is 
in this rayon that he has the greatest number of like-minded and 
relatives. The speaker still failed to secure a quorum. 
  Biryukov's appeal to the rayon's internal affairs department 
chief to induce the deputies to get together with the help of 
militia did not help. This time around the militia decided 
against meddling in politics. 
  In the meantime, people in Mordovia are awaiting a 
commission 
to arrive from Moscow which was created under Russian Federation 
President Boris Yeltsin's directive No. 193 RP of 18 April 1994. 
Composed of representatives of Russia's Justice Ministry, the 
president's Main Legal Administration, and the president's staff 
for the work with territories, this commission is to see if the 
laws and the other legal acts passed in the Republic of Mordovia 
of late correspond with the Constitution of Russia. 

