BFN 

  [Text] Baghdad, 13 Jun (INA)--The newspaper AL-THAWRAH has 
said that the Saudi regime's role in the Yemeni crisis is much 
larger and more serious than mere involvement because it is a 
flagrant and exposed conspiratorial role. This role is not 
confined to supplying the renegade secessionists with arms, but 
also provides political support for the secessionists, 
interferes in Yemen's internal affairs, and exploits the crisis 
to annex new Yemeni territory. 
  In an article today, the paper, speaking for the Arab 
Socialist Ba'th Party, says that any political observer with 
minimum awareness of the nature of the reactionary Saudi regime 
and its policies, connections, and position on Arab unity in 
general and Yemeni unity in particular will never be surprised 
by the statements of 'Abd-al-Karim al-Iryani, Yemeni minister of 
planning and development, about Saudi Arabia, which is now a 
party supporting the secessionists and supplying them with 
unlimited quantities of arms purchased from East European states. 
  AL-THAWRAH adds that the Saudi regime has begun to reveal 
its 
conspiratorial role in the Yemeni crisis, and is now acting 
openly, contrary to what it did when the crisis first erupted 
when it falsely proclaimed concern for Yemeni unity. The paper 
notes that the false allegations made by the renegades that this 
or that Arab state is taking part in the war alongside the 
forces of legitimacy were merely a desperate and exposed attempt 
to cover the fact that the Saudi regime supplied them with arms 
and military hardware, especially after the forces of legitimacy 
seized 80 tanks sent from the Saudis to the secessionists. 
  AL-THAWRAH points to the Saudi forces' buildup on the Yemeni 
border and to the military city which the agent henchman Fahd 
ordered to be quickly built on the Yemeni border. This clearly 
exposes the Saudi regime's insistence on playing its 
non-pan-Arab and unethical role against the fraternal Yemeni 
people. 
  Concluding its article, the paper says: Regardless of their 
conspiracy and treasonous conduct against the Arab nation, the 
rulers of Saudi Arabia cannot halt the movement of history and 
will not succeed in perpetuating their corrupt and worn-out 
regime. 

