BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, June 1 KYODO -- The European Commission (EC) 
believes that further Japanese deregulations will boost Japan's 
economy and help expand imports, a high-ranking EC official said 
Wednesday [1 June]. 
  Simon Nuttal, EC director of relations with Far Eastern 
countries in external economic relations, made the comment at 
the conclusion of a two-day, high-level meeting here between the 
European Union (EU) and Japan. 
  The meeting resulted from an agreement made between Japanese 
Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata and EC President Jacques Delors when 
they met in Brussels on May 6. 
  The meeting covered such fields as distribution, competition 
policy, sanitary and phytosanitary questions, financial 
services, professional services, public procurement and customs. 
  Nuttal said at a press conference that the meeting was a 
good 
opportunity for the EU to seek information about the 
deregulation plans of the Japanese Government, which is 
preparing a package of measures to be announced in late June. 
  In the meeting, the EU presented proposals for improving 
market access to Japan, facilitating imports and serving the 
interests of Japanese industry and consumers, he said. 
  Nuttal said, "We are convinced that this liberalization 
approach has a significant beneficial effect on the economy," 
noting that for years the EU has undertaken tasks of a 
deregulatory nature through "single market" exercises. 
  He said measures taken with a view to strengthening the 
domestic economy will also have a favorable impact on foreign 
exporters to Japan and help ease the difficulties created by 
Japan's trade surplus. 

