CSO 

<F P=106> [Official Announcement of Press Office of the Supreme Soviet </F>
of the Republic of Tatarstan] 
  [Text] Sittings of the Republic of Tatarstan Supreme Soviet 
19th Session were held on 19 April. Consideration of the budget 
message of the president of Tatarstan for 1994 was continued. 
  Deputy Prime Minister R. Muratov responded to the deputies' 
questions on the government account of the expenditure of 
currency funds received from the republic's foreign economic 
activity and the forecast of the receipt of foreign currency in 
1994. A supporting report on the draft budget was delivered by 
G. Kobelev, chairman of the Supreme Soviet Planning and 
Budget-Finance Commission. 
  The deputies F. Bayramova, V. Mustafin, O. Yermakova, A. 
Vladimirov, M. Kutuzov, V. Ivanov, M. Shaykhiyev, A. Kolesnik, 
A. Vasilyev, M. Agliullin, R. Valeyev, B. Leushin, K. 
Rakhmatullin, D. Fomin, V. Shirokikh, Z. Latypov, A. Yefremov, 
R. Zarilov, A. Shtanin, I. Salakhov, and I. Mustafin spoke in 
the debate on the issue under discussion. Concluding remarks 
were then presented by F. Khamidullin and R. Muratov, deputy 
prime ministers, and Finance Minister D. Nagumanov. Prime 
Minister M. Sabirov's speech was devoted to problems of 
realization of the budget and ways of extricating the economy 
from the crisis. 
  Consideration of the question of the budget message of the 
president of the Republic of Tatarstan for 1994 will continue on 
20 April. 
  The Supreme Soviet elected N. Khayertdinov justice of the 
Supreme Court of the Republic of Tatarstan, confirmed M. Garayev 
as chairman of Kazan's Sovetskiy Rayon Court, and elected the 
justices of a number of municipal and district courts of the 
republic. 
  M. Shaymiyev, president of Tatarstan, took part in the 
session. The sittings were chaired by Supreme Soviet Chairman F. 
Mukhametshin. 

