BFN 

  [Text] Seoul, May 10 (YONHAP) -- South Korea called on 
China Tuesday to guarantee transparency in its import policy and 
to legalize the importation of South Korean automobiles. 
  Seoul also sought Beijing's understanding in minimizing 
damage from Chinese farm produce flooding the local market. 
  The two sides sat down for their second trade talks in Seoul 
led by Chong Ui-yong, director-general for international trade 
on the South Korean side, and Shi Weisan, director-general for 
Asian affairs at the Chinese foreign trade and economic 
cooperation ministry. 
  Bilateral trade totaled 9.1 billion U.S. dollars last year, 
with Korea posting a 1.2-billion-dollar surplus in direct 
exchanges. The surplus is an even larger 3.3 billion dollars, 
however, when indirect trade via third countries such as Hong 
Kong is included. 
  Officials predicted that two-way trade will increase to 28 
billion dollars by 1997 and to 50 billion dollars by the year 
2000. 
  Seoul's requests included favorable consideration for South 
Korean participation in Chinese economic development and 
construction projects. 
  Beijing responded that it will review them within possible 
boundaries, officials said. 
  China, meanwhile, sought the removal of duties on 20 
products 
subject to South Korean adjustment tariffs, including ginseng 
goods, officials here said. 
  Seoul will ask Beijing to strengthen its own quarantine 
rules 
as Chinese food and farm imports often fail to pass inspection 
at Korean customs. 

