BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Maria Yolanda Garcia from the "Union Radio News" </F>
newscast] 
  [Text] In the opinion of Prosecutor General Ivan Dario 
Badell, the president has the authority to suspend 
constitutional guarantees. Badell's office, however, will remain 
alert in an effort to prevent the state security corps from 
committing abuses that could result from the suspension of 
constitutional guarantees. 
  Badell said he is certain that the president adopted this 
measure because it was necessary. 
  [Begin recording] [Badell] As well as all prosecutors, I am 
addressing the police and the security corps to ask them to 
respect the lives of the citizens and not to torture anyone. I 
am asking them to respect guarantees that cannot be 
suspended--guarantees such as the right to live and the right 
not to be tortured. 
  [Reporter] Can you assure the nation that the de jure state 
has not ceased to exist in Venezuela, considering that six 
constitutional guarantees have been suspended? 
  [Badell] Of course this is not the case. The de jure state 
remains in effect. Otherwise, we would not have what we have in 
the country. The de jure state remains in effect. Only some 
constitutional guarantees have been suspended. [end recording] 
  The prosecutor general explained that although six 
constitutional guarantees have been suspended, this does not 
mean there is chaos in the country. He reiterated that his 
office continues to guarantee the security of the people. He 
noted that if any abuses are committed, appropriate punitive 
measures will be adopted. 

