Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By Daniel Kwan] </F>
  [Text] A Hong Kong businessman held incommunicado for more 
than 30 months in China has been released after intervention by 
the Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office, sources said last night. 
  Chong Kwee-sung, who was detained in 1991 by Zhengzhou 
Public 
Security officials in Shenzhen, was allowed to leave a detention 
centre on Saturday. 
  He is now resting in a hotel in Zhengzhou, central China. 
  It was not clear when Mr Chong would be allowed to return to 
the territory because the Chinese authorities are yet to return 
his travel documents. He is holding a home visit permit. 
  It is understood that a relative has already met Mr Chong in 
Zhengzhou, for the first time in 2-1/2 years. 
  Mr Chong's release was confirmed yesterday when he contacted 
his Hong Kong employers. He was also able to speak to his 
family in the American state of Oregon. 
  There was no official reason for his release. Zhengzhou 
police issued a certificate which said that Mr Chong was freed 
"after the completion of investigations". 
  The SOUTH CHINA MORNING POST reported last month that Mr 
Chong had started a hunger strike to protest against his long 
detention in China without trial. 
  His plight was brought to the attention of Hong Kong and 
Macao Affairs Office Director Lu Ping by Hong Kong-based 
lobbyist John Kamm last October. 
  When Mr Kamm returned to Beijing last month, he had a 
two-hour session with Mr Lu's deputy, Chen Ziying, as Mr Lu was 
in Shenzhen at that time. 
  Mr Chong was taken away in August 1991 by Zhengzhou police, 
who claimed that he was responsible for a commercial dispute 
involving the Central China International Economic and Trading 
Corp in the city. 

