BFN 

  [Text] Bonn (DPA) -- Late Thursday evening [21 April] all 
parties in the Bundestg approved the international agreement on 
the control and destruction of chemical weapons at the first 
reading. Helmut Schaefer (Free Democratic Party of Germany), 
state minister in the Foreign Ministry, stressed the importance 
of fastest possible ratification, since the agreement can come 
into force on 1 January 1995 only if at least 65 states have 
deposited the documents of ratification by summer this year. 
  The Bundestag paid particular tribute to the work of the 
German diplomats, who had essentially contributed to the 
conclusion of the agreement in the Geneva Disarmament Committee. 
Olaf Feldman (Free Democratic Party of Germany) and Gernot 
Erler (Social Democratic Party of Germany) stressed the clause 
that permits international, unannounced controls also in 
civilian, private chemical companies, a clause that is unique 
and considered sensational. 
  So far, only the United States and Russia have admitted to 
possessing chemical weapons. The destruction of the enormous 
stockpiles will require at least $20 billion, according to 
estimates. Citing U.S. documents, Erler mentioned the following 
countries which are likely to have chemical weapons: South 
Africa, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Israel, 
China, India, Pakistan, North Korea, South Korea, Thailand, and 
Indonesia. The FRG will contribute 235 million German marks per 
year as of 1995 to the implementation of the agreement. 
  In the debate the Bundestag also adopted the law on 
establishing CSCE arbitration courts, which is based on the 
principles of international law but cannot impose any binding 
ruling for quarreling parties. 

