BFN 

  [Text] The Russian Foreign Ministry is carefully examining 
the situation related to the second bombardment of Serb 
positions near the city of Goradze carried out by the NATO air 
forces this afternoon. "Russia is observing the UN Security 
Council's resolution on Bosnia and Herzegovina. However, if it 
is found out that the bombardment could be avoided the reaction 
of Moscow will be tough," a high-ranking Russian diplomat told 
INTERFAX today. 
  He said that although it could not be affirmed with 100 
percent certainty there was an impression that the NATO strikes 
had been dealt in order to frighten Bosnian Serbs. 
  "This aim has nothing to do with the peaceful settlement of 
the conflict. Moreover, the attacks against them make Bosnian 
Serbs unwilling to negotiate. However, there is no doubt that 
Moslems have provoked the recent military action in Goradze. 
Serbs did not respond appropriately. The response of the UN 
forces for the defense of former Yugoslavia applied to the NATO 
air forces might turn out also to be inappropriate," the 
diplomat suggested. 
  He emphasized that the NATO air attacks against the Serb 
positions must be discussed by the UN Security Council. "Moscow 
will not accept being informed on decisions to utilize force in 
ex-Yugoslavia as a fait accompli. Russia is not a banana 
republic but a permanent member of the UN Security Council. We 
are convinced that all decisions on the use of force in former 
Yugoslavia must be considered by the Security Council. There is 
no reasonable alternative. Any other way may lead to a 
catastrophe," the diplomat said. He added that after two more 
such blows the peaceful settlement in Bosnia and Herzegovina 
would be disrupted. 

