Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, January 24 (KCNA) -- The Zimbabwean 
National Committee for the Study of the Chuche Idea and the 
Zimbabwe-Korea Solidarity and Friendship Association on January 
16 issued a joint appeal to the chuche idea study organisations 
and organisations for friendship and solidarity with the Korean 
people in different countries with the approach of the birthday 
of the dear leader Comrade Kim Chong-il. 
  Noting that February 16 is the 52nd birthday of Comrade Kim 
Chong-il, the appeal said his birth was an epochal event in the 
struggle to develop the revolutionary cause of chuche to a new, 
higher stage and realise the independence of the progressive 
people of the world. 
  It further said: 
  "Dear Comrade Kim Chong-il is an illustrious leader who 
enjoys unbounded respect and reverence not only from the Korean 
people but also from the revolutionary people of the world for 
his undying exploits and contributions for the times and mankind. 
  "It is the highest glory and happiness of the progressive 
people of the world as well as the Korean people to have dear 
Comrade Kim Chong-il as the sagacious leader. 
  "To grandly celebrate the birthday of the dear leader 
Comrade 
Kim Chong-il and extend warm congratulations to him is the 
unanimous will and wish not only of us but also of all the 
people aspiring after independence. 
  "The Zimbabwean National Committee for the Study of the 
Chuche Idea and the Zimbabwe-Korea Solidarity and Friendship 
Association call upon the chuche idea study organisations, 
organisations for solidarity and friendship with the Korean 
people and progressive peoples of many countries to 
significantly greet the birthday of the dear leader Comrade Kim 
Chong-il, the great lodestar of the era of independence and a 
peerless great man of the century, as a common jubilee of 
mankind, learn from his greatness, extend greatest glory and 
warm greetings to him and wholeheartedly wish him good health 
and long life by widely organising colorful functions". 

