BFN 

<F P=106> [Article by Edoardo Cagnazzi: "Vegetable Diesel Oil, </F>
Biopalma, Is Here"] 
  [Text] Naples -- Clean, sulfur-free fuel that is extracted 
entirely from plants and is made of soya, rape, and sunflower 
oil. For the time being this is almost a pioneer initiative but 
it opens up a new frontier in the production of a vegetable 
diesel oil, which is an alternative to diesel oil, and also with 
a more acceptable performance in terms of heating and urban 
pollution. The sophisticated technology for the production of 
Biopalma, which is the name under which the diesel oil produced 
from vegetable oils will be marketed, is a project of the Palma 
distillery. A company that is part of the Neopolitan 
agroindustrial and biochemical Palma company with annual 
revenues of 550 billion lire. Its holding company, Palfin, 
controls four sectors of activity. Distillation, with plants in 
Campania (Palma company), Puglia (Trani), and Sicily (Vinum 
Marsala and Trapas Trapani). The plants of Bari Palolio and 
Palvino operate in the oil sector; Chirico and Campano in the 
food sector. Finally the sole biotechnology plant is located in 
Calitri. 
  The fuel, say its producers, will revolutionize the fuel 
market within the coming years because it does not contain 
sulfur, the major cause of acid rain. This fuel was inserted in 
the Ruffolo- Conte decree two years ago to prevent pollution in 
urban areas and is currently being tested by several transport 
companies (AIM and Vicenza, AMT Trieste, ACAP Padua, ATM Milan, 
SEPSA Naples, and others). Since Biopalma is obtained from 
renewable sources it does not impoverish natural resources and 
drastically reductes polluting emissions from 

