BFN 

  [Text] The Croatian mission at the UN in Geneva lodged a 
sharp protest over [Krajina president] Milan Martic's 
accusations against the Republic of Croatia. Croatian TV 
journalist Jozo Curic reports: 
  [Curic] Miomir Zuzul, the Croatian ambassador to the UN in 
Geneva, lodged a series of protests with Vladimir Petrovskiy, 
head of the UN in Geneva, and Owen and Stoltenberg, cochairmen. 
The Croatian mission informed them about the fact that, during 
his visit to the Palais des Nations, the UN enabled Milan Martic 
to spread propaganda and false accusations against Croatia and 
UN officials at a news conference. It was not the first time 
that representatives of the local Serbs from the UN protected 
areas [in Croatia] were granted unusual protocol and were 
treated by UN bodies as representatives of a state during a 
visit to Geneva. 
  This official protest was prompted by the fact that, while 
addressing several journalists, for the second consecutive day 
Milan Martic made accusations against the Croatian Government 
and president. When Martic arrived at the entrance to the 
Palais des Nations where many reporters and cameramen waited for 
the talks on a cease-fire in Bosnia-Herzegovina to end last 
night, and again started making accusations against Croatia, the 
association of reporters at the UN interrupted his speech and 
requested that he be moved to another room. 
  Earlier Martic was received by Owen, Stoltenberg, and Akashi 
in Geneva. He asked for guarantees that the Croatian Government 
will not make a military advance into the UN protected areas, 
but did not obtain them. As Martic said, he did not obtain any 
guarantees or assurances by UN representatives. 

