Language: <F P=105> Serbo-Croatian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Sarajevo, 8 Jan (TANJUG) -- The results achieved 
over the past two years since the Srpska republic of 
Bosnia-Herzegovina was set up are fascinating, even though the 
entire Serbian people are suffering, president Radovan Karadzic 
said today in a program marking 9 January, Srpska Republic Day. 
The program was jointly broadcast by Serbian Republic Radio 
Studio S and Belgrade Radio's second channel. After all this is 
the war in which the Serbian people has experienced the least 
starvation and hardship and has suffered the smallest number of 
losses and defeats compared to all its past wars, Karadzic said. 
  In the first two years of all their past wars the Serbs used 
to lose most of their population, territory, and statehood, 
whereas in this war the opposite has taken place. The greatest 
part of the Serbian people and territory is protected while the 
Serbian army is superior, Karadzic said. 
  Commenting on the international position of the Srpska 
republic, Karadzic said he believed the military successes and 
political standing of the Srpska republic have resulted in the 
world's realization that peace can only be achieved by 
respecting a minimum of Serbian interests. 
  In the beginning we were regarded as rebels, then as 
secessionists, and now it is absolutely clear -- even the UN and 
Red Cross address us as Serbian authorities in Bosnia, Karadzic 
added. The Muslim leadership's attempt to nominate some other 
representatives of the Serbian people, Pejanovic, Kecmanovic, 
Tatjana Ljuic-Mijatovic, Miro Lazovic, has also been foiled 
because no one wants to talk to them. The entire world knows 
they cannot represent the Serbian people. They are only parts 
of the Muslim delegation. This is full recognition of the fact 
that we are in charge of our destiny, Karadzic said in 
conclusion on 9 January, Statehood Day of the Srpska republic. 

