BFN 

  [Text] Kishasa, 9 Apr (AFP) -- Monsignor Laurent Monsengwo 
Passinya, president of the High Council of the 
Republic-Transitional Parliament (HCR-PT) in Zaire, announced 
yesterday that an agreement was reached on the procedure for the 
appointment of a prime minister, who will no longer be elected 
by the HCR-PT or the head of state. This announcement was made 
during the closing ceremony of the extraordinary session of 
parliament in the presence of the diplomatic corps. The two 
political groups, comprising pro-Mobutu and anti-Mobutu 
movements, will have 10 days, from the day the head of state 
promulgates the constitutional act, to appoint a prime minister. 
  According to the prelate, quoting the transition 
constitutional act, the appointment by the head of state will 
then only be an official recognition of this appointment, and at 
the end of the process the HCR-PT will endorse the prime 
minister, its government, and its program. "It is now up to 
politicians to accord their tune very well. If they need the 
mediation of the standing committee of the HCR-PT, the committee 
will take care of that, but it is not the parliament's duty to 
interfere in the internal affairs of political groups," 
Monsignor Monsengwo stated. 
  The extraordinary session of the HCR-PT is expected to form 
a 
new standing committee of the HCR, which will include former 
National Assembly members, to amend the act on constitutional 
provisions concerning the transition period, and to draw 
standing orders from the transition parliament. 

