BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by political correspondent Edyth Bulbring] </F>
  [Text] The projects President Nelson Mandela announced to 
kickstart the Reconstruction and Development Programme [RDP] 
would be up and running within the target he set of 100 days, 
Minister Without Portfolio Jay Naidoo said this week. Mr Naidoo 
said his RDP team was finalising the planning of projects for 
urban renewal and rural development. 
  He said that while the RDP team had not settled all the 
projects to account for the R2.5bn [rand] allocated to the RDP 
this year, initial figures on some of the expenditure had been 
finalised. 
  These would be released after further consultation with 
other 
ministers involved in the projects. 
  He said the projects needed to be implemented in an 
integrated way involving several other ministries and were not 
piece-meal projects. 
  For example, programmes for urban renewal would involve 
cleaning up the townships at the same time as restoring services 
and putting in infrastructure. The focus was public works 
programmes. 
  The projects envisaged for rural development also included a 
focus on health and education. 
  He had met on two occasions with all the premiers and task 
teams would be sent back to the provinces to hold further talks 
on implementing the projects. 
  In his budget speech, Mr Keys said that the government had 
pencilled in a further R35bn over the next four budgets for 
transfer to the RDP fund. 
  These fiscal injections represented only a part of the RDP 
in 
its entirety and would be implemented by contributions from 
other governments and from the private sector. 
  He warned, however, that the RDP could be vulnerable to two 
failures. The first was if the overall level of expenditure 
rose. The second was that if sound and attractive programmes 
were not produced, the departments would not be motivated to 
bring about future diversions of spending. 

