Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpt] [Passage omitted] In Paris, the French Foreign 
Minister Alain Juppe said this morning after meeting the 
Palestinian representative Yasir 'Abd-Rabbuh [head of PLO 
Information Department] that France would only decide whether to 
send observers to the occupied territories for the United 
Nations when the time came. Juppe nevertheless reaffirmed his 
confidence in the peace process. Alain Juppe: 
  [Begin Juppe recording] We insist that the security of the 
Palestinian people be effectively guaranteed. This is the only 
way for the peace process to regain its credibility. We 
therefore call on the Israeli authorities, which are responsible 
for security in the occupied territories, to take the necessary 
measures. In particular, I am thinking of the neutralization of 
all the extremists, who want to kill off the peace process, and 
who are well known to the authorities. I am also thinking of 
the fact that the settlers are armed whenever they go around the 
occupied territories. We deem it necessary that these security 
measures be placed under some sort of observation by 
international observers sent by the United Nations. Finally, we 
think that the question of the settlements and their possible 
regrouping has to be negotiated by the parties concerned. [end 
recording] 

