Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, March 10 (XINHUA) -- Leading newspapers in 
the Chinese capital have begun giving prominent coverage to the 
convening of the plenary session of the National People's 
Congress (NPC) by carrying editorials and opening special 
columns. 
  In its editorial today entitled "to bear the great 
undertaking in mind and engage in collective discussions on 
programs of great importance," the PEOPLE'S DAILY [RENMIN RIBAO] 
says that China is in a transitional period from central 
planning to a socialist market economy and that the NPC, as the 
country's supreme organ of state power, should play a greater 
role in accelerating national economic development, ensuring 
social stability and pushing ahead with the reform program now 
entering a crucial period. 
  The front page of the daily also carries today a signed 
article, which calls for nationwide efforts to successfully 
carry out newly- introduced, more difficult reforms, which it 
says have a direct bearing on the future of the country. 
  The LIBERATION ARMY DAILY [JIEFANGJUN RIBAO] editorial, 
entitled "Strive To Scale Another Peak," says the rank and file 
of the Chinese People's Liberation Army have noticed with 
excitement achievements made by China in reform, economic 
development and open policy implementation over the past year, 
which have also helped invigorate army building. Deputies from 
the army will join their fellow deputies in making the ongoing 
NPC session "a pragmatic, confidence-boosting conference." 
  The GUANGMING DAILY [GUANGMING RIBAO], in its editorial 
entitled "for a still brighter tomorrow," expresses the hope 
that the NPC would speed up legislation to ensure a smooth 
progression of reform and open policy implementation. 
  An editorial of the WORKERS DAILY [GONGREN RIBAO] calls on 
workers of the country to have a better understanding of 
relations between reform, economic development and social 
stability and make still greater contributions to the country's 
modernization program. 
  CHINA YOUTH DAILY [ZHONGGUO QINGNIAN BAO] has opened a 
special column on the NPC session. The daily has also set up a 
special hotline for NPC deputies and members of the national 
committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative 
Conference. 

