Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Salvadorans woke up today without knowing the final 
results of Sunday's general elections and with the expectation 
of a runoff election to choose the new president. More than 63 
percent of the votes have been tallied and the Supreme Electoral 
Tribunal [TSE] reported that the ruling Nationalist Republican 
Alliance, ARENA, with a right-wing tendency, and its candidate, 
Armando Calderon Sol, have failed to achieve an absolute 
majority, although they lead the count with 49.6 percent. 
  Calderon Sol's closest rival, Ruben Zamora, leader of the 
leftist coalition that includes the former Farabundo Marti 
National Liberation Front guerrilla groups, obtained 26.6 
percent. The Christian Democratic Party continues in third 
place. Its candidate, Fidel Chavez Mena, has received 15 percent 
of the votes. He is followed by the conservative National 
Conciliation Party, which chose Roberto Escobar Garcia as its 
candidate and which received only 4.5 percent of the votes. 
  The other parties that participated in the elections -- 
Authentic Christian Movement, a center-right party, and the 
evangelical parties, the Unity Movement and the National 
Solidarity Movement -- have smaller percentages. 
  TSE preliminary results indicate more than 49.92 percent of 
Salvadorans abstained from demonstrating their sympathy for a 
given political party. These results are similar to the polls 
conducted by various organizations at the national level. The 
results indicate an average of 40 percent of the population did 
not express their preference. The figures, however, might change 
as the tally of votes from Sunday's general elections continues. 

