BFN 

  [Excerpt] A central report meeting to mark the first 
anniversary of the publication of the great leader Comrade Kim 
Il-song's historic work, "10-point program for great unity of 
the whole nation for national reunifcation" was held at the 
Youth Central Hall on 4 April. Respectfully placed at the 
forefront of the report meeting site was a portrait of Comrade 
Kim Il-song, the great leader of our party and people. On the 
walls of the meeting site were the slogans, "Long live the great 
leader Comrade Kim Il-song" and "Long live the glorious Workers' 
Party of Korea [WPK]." 
  The report meeting was attended by Comrade Pak Song-chol, 
member of the Political Bureau of the WPK Central Committee and 
vice president; Comrade Yang Hyong-sop, candidate member of the 
Political Bureau of the WPK Central Committee and chairman of 
the Supreme People's Assembly [SPA]; Comrade Kim Yong-sun, 
secretary of the WPK Central Committee and chairman of the SPA 
Reunification Policy Committee; Comrade Chang Chol, vice premier 
of the Administration Council; Yu Mi-yong, chairman of the 
Central Committee of the Chondoist Chongu Party; Kang Hyong-su, 
responsible secretary of Pyongyang city party committee and 
chairman of Pyongyang City People's Committee; Yom Tae-chun, 
chairman of the Central Committee of the Democratic Front for 
the Reunification of the Fatherland; Kim Yong-ho, vice chairman 
of the Central Committee of the Korean Social Democratic Party; 
Chu Song-il, chairman of the General Federation of Trade Unions 
of Korea; Choe Yong-hae, chairman of the Central Committee of 
the League of Socialist Working Youth of Korea; Choe Song-suk, 
chairman of the Central Committee of the Union of Agricultural 
Working People of Korea; Pae In-chun, chairman of the North 
Side's Headquarters of the National Alliance for the Country's 
Reunification; Chong Sin-hyok, vice chairman of the Committee 
for the Peaceful Reunification of the Fatherland [CPRF]; Paek 
Nam-chun, secretary of the CPRF Secretariat; Kang Kwan-son, 
secretary of the Central Committee of the Korean Democratic 
Women's Union; Kang Yong-sop, chairman of the Central Committee 
of the Korean Christian Federation; Pak Tae-ho, chairman of the 
Central Committee of the Korean Buddhist Federation; Chang 
Chae-chol, chairman of the Central Committee of the Korean 
Catholics Federation; and Paek Hak-yon, vice chairman of 
Pyongyang City People's Committee, along with the working people 
of all strata in the city. The report meeting was attended by 
overseas compatriots who are now staying in the socialist 
fatherland. [passage omitted] 

