BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, June 17 KYODO -- Former Chief Cabinet 
Secretary Masayoshi Takemura said Friday [17 June] Prime 
Minister Tsutomu Hata's administration lacks legitimacy because 
it is a minority force in the Diet. 
  Takemura, the leader of new party Sakigake (Harbinger), made 
the remark in a meeting with a policy study group within the 
main opposition Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), an official said. 
  "The Group New Century," headed by former Chief Cabinet 
Secretary Koichi Kato, conferred with Takemura and Yuichi 
Takami, a member of the tiny parliamentary group Democratic 
Wind, as part of a flurry of meetings among various political 
forces. 
  Takemura also remarked that the minority government cannot 
deal squarely with a host of domestic and international 
challenges, the official said. 
  In April, Hata was forced to form Japan's first minority 
government since 1955 as a result of the Social Democratic 
Party's departure from the coalition. Sakigake, an LDP splinter 
party, also opted to leave the ruling union. 
  Takemura, who served as chief cabinet secretary in the last 
government of Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa, reportedly 
welcomed the ruling coalition's move to seek a tie-up with part 
of the LDP because such an attempt would have ended up in 
failure. 
  He also said the move to call together conservative forces 
is 
favorable because it will quicken the pace of an expected 
reconfiguration of political parties. 
  Kato said his group wants to continue dialogue with Sakigake 
because the two forces share views on many issues, the official 
said. 

