CSO 

<F P=106> [Untitled report on poll conducted by the Moscow Branch </F>
of VTsIOM, by Oleg Savelyev, VTsIOM sociologist] 
  [Text] In the blitz poll of roughly 1,300 of the capital's 
inhabitants conducted in late February 1994 by the Moscow Branch 
of VTsIOM [All-Russian Central Institute of Opinion Polls] by 
order of MOSKOVSKIY KOMSOMOLETS, an attempt was made to identify 
the number of potential supporters and probable members of 
political parties, both present and possible future members. 
  Responses to the question "NAME THE 5-6 POLITICAL FIGURES OF 
RUSSIA WHOM YOU TRUST THE MOST" were distributed in percentages 
in the following way (data of similar polls by VTsIOM conducted 
on 5 August, 27 October, and 15 December 1993 are cited for 
comparison)--Figure 1 [figure omitted]. 
  Responses to the question "IF POLITICAL LEADERS SUCH AS 
BABURIN, GAYDAR, ZHIRINOVSKIY, ZYUGANOV, POPOV, RUTSKOY, AND 
YAVLINSKIY HAD THEIR OWN POLITICAL PARTIES, WHICH ONE WOULD YOU 
VOTE FOR IN THE FORTHCOMING ELECTIONS IF THEY WERE HELD NEXT 
SUNDAY?" are illustrated in the numerator in the table for those 
polled overall, while the denominator shows only the responses 
for those respondents who answered affirmatively to the question 
"AND WOULD YOU JOIN SUCH A PARTY/MOVEMENT?" (overall 27 percent 
said yes to this question, 60 percent said no, and 13 percent 
found it difficult to answer). Fifty-one percent of the 
respondents stated that they would not take part in the voting 
or had difficulty answering. Figure No 2. 

<FIG ID=JPRS-USR-034-15A>      Figure 2. </FIG>

  The lower row in the same figure shows the number of party 
members they could, in principle, figure on, calculated by 
simply multiplying the answers received to both questions by the 
number of inhabitants of Moscow. 
  This fairly primitive estimate is very approximate and 
basically just reflects the political sympathies of Muscovites 
at the time of the poll. We therefore caution you in advance 
that neither MOSKOVSKIY KOMSOMOLETS nor VTsIOM will accept 
claims for reimbursement of expenditures for party card blanks 
that are not used. 
  Obviously, the "parties" of Gaydar and Yeltsin must be 
joined 
for the final victory of democracy. Once again it is unlikely 
there is any hope for the proud Yavlinskiy. 

