BFN 

  [Text] As of today [Carabineros Director] General Rodolfo 
Stange will enjoy a special leave permit. The resolution does 
not state how long he will be on leave. 
  Carabineros sources this morning confirmed that Carabineros 
Director General Rodolfo Stange Oelckers has started his 
vacation. His special leave permit is the result of an agreement 
reached after a lengthy meeting until dawn today between Defense 
Minister Edmundo Perez Yoma and members of the Carabineros high 
command. It was stated that the purpose of this leave permit is 
to make the proceedings more clear and impartial. 
  In addition to the special leave granted to Stange, 
Carabineros Justice Service Director General Carlos Pecchi Croce 
will ask the Court Martial to appoint a special judge to the 
case. It was pointed out that the decision to request the 
appointment of a special judge is based on the so-called 
Cumplido law, and follows a lengthy meeting by Carabineros 
generals. 
  It should be recalled that these decisions were made at dawn 
today following a series of meetings. It should also be 
recalled that last February Gen. Stange took his regular 
vacations. This new leave permit is the result of negotiations 
between the government and Carabineros. 
  This information was confirmed this morning by Carabineros 
sources but there was no official report on what happened at 
dawn today during the meeting between the defense minister and 
members of the Carabineros high command at an undetermined site. 

