Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Donald Macintyre and Chris Blackhurst: "IRA Faces </F>
Cash Crisis If It Rejects Declaration"] 
  [Text] The Provisional IRA faces financial hardship if it 
decides to reject the Anglo-Irish declaration and continue its 
campaign of violence. 
  Informed British government sources insist that the IRA is 
finding it more and more difficult to bring in the estimated 5 
million pounds a year it needs to finance the level of terrorist 
activity it has sustained for more than two decades. 
  The increase in security threatened on both sides of the 
border if the IRA refuses to renounce violence is certain to 
include an even more intensive effort to stem the flow of funds 
from racketeering and smuggling, and the profits of drinking and 
gambling clubs. 
  Some senior Tories in close touch with security issues argue 
that a comparative lack of funds for terrorist activities is a 
key factor behind the republicans' willingness to consider a 
peaceful settlement. 
  But even allowing for propagandist efforts to magnify the 
current pressures on paramilitaries, normally reliable sources 
are adamant that close liaison between the Royal Ulster 
Constabulary [RUC] and the four-year-old Terrorist Finance Unit 
at the Northern Ireland Office is scoring increasing success in 
cutting off funds from both loyalist and republican 
paramilitaries. 
  A senior Northern Ireland Office official described at a 
recent private international conference on economic crime how 
the RUC had been having "resounding success" in "drastically 
curtailing" the flow of funds from registered social clubs -- 
one key source of terrorist cash -- by forcing them for the 
first time to produce accurate accounts. 
  He told the conference: "There is nothing complicated about 
the financial scams. From the dozens of clubs believed to be 
controlled or exploited by terrorists, part of each day's bar 
takings was put to one side and collected by a terrorist finance 
controller. The remainder of the bar takings was entered in the 
club's financial records." 

