BFN 

  [Text] OECS [Organization of Eastern Caribbean States] 
leaders assembled at the (Windham) Morgan Bay Resort in St. 
Lucia today for the 23d Authority meeting. At this morning's 
meeting, outgoing chairman of the Authority, Montserrat's Chief 
Minister Reuben Meade handed over the reins to the new chairman, 
St. Lucia's prime minister, Right Honorable John Compton. 
  The meeting, which comes at a time when a host of issues 
plague the subregional grouping, is expected to go until Friday. 
Among the subjects expected to engage the attention of the OECS 
leaders are the grouping's position on individual entry into 
NAFTA, the controversial ruling issue, and the current banana 
negotiating contract. This subject is of particular interest to 
St. Lucia, St. Vincent, Grenada, and Dominica, the islands which 
make up the Windwards, as these are the major banana-producing 
countries in the region. Another agenda item, which some OECS 
leaders considered an exhausted one, is that of the 
privatization of Leeward Island Air Transport. 
  This morning's official session was addressed by the 
outgoing 
Authority chairman, Chief Minister Reuben Meade, and incoming 
chairman, St. Lucia's prime minister, Right Honorable John 
Compton. The 23d Authority meeting was attended by all but one 
leader of the OECS, Grenada's Prime Minister Nicholas 
Braithwaite was noticeably absent. Ill health has been advanced 
as the reason for the Grenadian leader's nonattendance. 

