BFN 

  [Text] Our correspondent in Yemen, Ahmad Birru, has met 
with 'Abd-al-Qadir Ba Jammal, the Yemeni deputy prime minister, 
and asked him about the conditions set for dialogue with the 
southern leaders and his stand on the neighboring Gulf states, 
which implicitly supported the establishment of the Yemeni 
Democratic Republic in south Yemen. 
  [Begin recording] [Ba Jammal] We have laid down what we 
might 
call the principles of dialogue, the principles and bases of 
dialogue. These are nine principles [as heard]. We announced 
them and handed them officially to Mr. Lakhdar Brahimi. First 
of all, there is unity, the constitutional legitimacy, and the 
cancellation of the secessionist decisions. Then there is the 
unity of the Army--what remains of the Armed Forces and the 
vehicles and equipment should join and be restored to the 
legitimate forces. Also, the dialogue must be in Sanaa and be 
fixed at five days, and no third party should be involved in the 
dialogue. 
  [Birru] You said that the war was designed and produced 
abroad. Can you give as tangible proof of this interference? 
  [Ba Jammal] In fact we have many complaints against certain 
states in the region; that is, the Arabian Peninsula. 
Regrettably, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia always speaks much 
about Yemenis, its love for the Yemenis, and the stability of 
Yemen but regrettably the facts are the opposite of this. 
  [Birru] Have there been any contacts between Yemen and these 
neighboring states so they can change their stand toward...? 
  [Ba Jammal, interrupting] We appeal to the Arab and Muslim 
brothers in Saudi Arabia, for the sake of our neighboring 
relations and for the sake of humanity, to leave Yemen alone. 
[end recording] 

