BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Presidential Bulletin" feature: Compiled by </F>
Nikolay Zherebtsov, Andrey Petrovskiy, edited by Vladimir 
Shishlin] 
  [Text] Candidates for Belarusian presidency have now ended 
a campaign of collecting signatures in their support with final 
results to be announced later this week. Registration of 
candidates will start on 27 May and wind up on 2 June. 
  It is now known that the list of contenders enlisting a 
required 100,000 signatures on the ground or 70 signatures from 
Belarusian deputies includes Prime Minister Vyacheslav Kebich; 
head of the former anti-corruption commission Aleksandr 
Lukashenko; leader of the opposition People's Front Zenon 
Pozniak; Communist Party chief Vasiliy Novikov; ex-Speaker of 
Parliament Stanislav Shushkevich; leaders of the Concord Party 
and Agrarian Union Gennadiy Karpenko and Aleksandr Dubko. 
  One other likely candidate is President of the Union of 
Entrepreneurs Vladimir Karyagin whose support group is still 
engaged in vote-counting. 
  Local polls put Kebich and Lukashenko firmly in the lead 
with 
up to 25 percent of the electorate in different parts of the 
country ready to support them. 
  At a recent meeting with college professors and lecturers in 
Minsk, Kebich expressed his desire to enter the race by the 
feeling of high responsibility for the future of the country 
"which is now at a crucial stage of social reform and industrial 
restructuring." 

