BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, April 21 (CNS) -- In order to take joint 
action with the international community in controlling chemical 
pollution and minimizing losses resulting from such pollution, 
the National Environmental Protection Agency, the General 
Administration of Customs and the Ministry of Foreign Trade and 
Economic Cooperation recently jointly issued regulations on 
environmental administration over the importing for the first 
time of chemicals and the importing and exporting of toxic 
chemicals. According to the regulations, from May 1 of this 
year, chemicals without registration for importation will not be 
allowed to be imported into China. 
  It is reported that over 38,000 varieties of chemicals are 
now produced in China and a great amount of chemicals are 
imported into the country and since there has been a lack of a 
complete set of regulations and necessary technological measures 
on their administration, some problems have been appearing in 
their production, use, transportation, storage and waste deposal. 
  According to the regulations, the National Environmental 
Protection Agency will be in charge of unified environmental 
supervision and administration over the import of chemicals and 
the import and export of toxic chemicals in line with the 
"London Standards" stated in an international pact. The agency 
will issue a list of toxic chemicals subject to prohibition or 
strict restriction by the country. Chemicals to be imported 
into the country and those chemicals included in the list of 
toxic chemicals will be subject to registration and approval 
procedures for a permit to be given for their importation and 
exportation. 
  The General Administration of Customs and the Ministry of 
Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation will be respectively in 
charge of the inspection of such chemicals and the examination 
and the making public to the outside world of the list. 

