Article   Type:BFN 

  [Editorial Report] The following is a compilation of 
reports on Guatemala's economic developments monitored through 
22 February 1994. 
  The Central Bank has reported that Guatemala's 27.49 percent 
interest rate is the highest in Central America. In addition, 
the interest rate on certificates of deposit increased from 
18.34 to 18.36 percent. (Paris AFP in Spanish 1835 GMT 15 Feb 94) 
  In January, $298 million were purchased and entered the 
Guatemalan banking system. This figure represents more than $10 
million above the sales figure. The sources of U.S. dollars 
were exports, tourism and travel, insurance, transfers, private 
capital donations, and public sector loans. (Mexico City NOTIMEX 
in Spanish 0208 GMT 16 Feb 94) 
  After talking with businessmen, President Ramiro de Leon 
Carpio has announced plans for the construction of a privately 
owned seaport, which would compete with the state-owned port 
system. De Leon Carpio, however, declined to mention the port's 
location and the name of the enterprise that will build and 
manage it. (Guatemala City SIGLO VEINTIUNO in Spanish 17 Feb 94) 
  According to the Bank of Guatemala, which cites a report 
released by the Energy and Mines Ministry, the country's oil 
production increased to 2.346 million barrels, 415,000 more 
barrels than in the same period of 1992. Exports reached 2.093 
million barrels, which represents an increase of 25.8 percent. 
(PRENSA LIBRE in Spanish 18 Feb 94 p 94) 

