BFN 

  [Text] Moscow, May 25 (YONHAP) -- Russia and North Korea 
have initialed a new logging agreement featuring the stepped-up 
protection of human rights of North Korean loggers in Siberia, 
Russia's ITAR-TASS reported in a dispatch from Pyongyang on 
Wednesday. 
  The report said the agreement was inked after ten days' 
negotiations in Pyongyang. 
  The two countries had negotiations several times in the past 
to work out a new agreement but in vain due to differences over 
loggers' human rights issues. 
  The new agreement will be formally signed very shortly, 
enabling more than 10,000 North Korean loggers to continue to 
work at Siberian logging yards at least in the next five years, 
it said. 
  The new agreement provides that North Korea should abide by 
Russian laws with respect to the operation of logging yards in 
Siberia and should recognize loggers' right to strike as a means 
of resolving labor disputes. The existing agreement bans any 
strike by North Korean loggers. 
  This is the first time North Korea has ever given their 
workers the right to strike either at home or abroad. 
  The agreement also calls for improved treatment of loggers 
as 
it stipulates that loggers' working conditions like wages and 
working hours are to be set by North Korea as in the past, but 
they should not be unfavorably compared with those provided 
under Russia's labor standard regulations. 
  During negotiations for the new agreement, the two sides did 
not touch on the activities of secret North Korean security 
agents against their loggers in the Russian territory, the 
report said. 

