Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Presidential Bulletin" feature: Reports by </F>
Diplomatic Correspondents Dmitriy Voskoboynikov, Igor Porshnev, 
Vitaliy Trubetskoy and others] 
  [Text] The Prime Ministers of Russia and Moldova signed a 
trade and economic cooperation agreement for 1994 in Moscow on 
Monday [7 February]. According to Prime Minister Chernomyrdin's 
assessment, the accord rests on the universally accepted 
principles of civilized interaction and world prices. 
  As experts have explained to an Interfax reporter, the 
document only sets guidelines, as for the concrete volumes of 
supplies and the prices of commodities, they will figure in a 
supplement being drafted as part of the accord. 
  Chernomyrdin told journalists that the balance of trade with 
Moldova is "shaping up fine," with the republic paying up for 
all imports but fuel from Russia. He emphasized that if in 1993 
the prices of fuel supplied to CIS countries had been fixed 
differentially, as of January of this year Russia has been 
selling fuel and other commodities to its Commonwealth partners 
at world prices. 
  Meanwhile, Moldovan Prime Minister Andrei Sangheli has 
remarked in an interview with Interfax that the agreement offers 
solutions to the existing problems. In his words, Chisinau did 
not even request a rescheduling of its debt for a later date. 
(Interfax Note: By the end of January, Moldova incurred a 50 
Bn ruble debt to the state-run "Gazprom" concern of Russia for 
gas shipments) 
  "Naturally, we will pay off the debts on the prices fixed in 
1993," Sangheli noted and promised on his cabinet's behalf to 
square accounts next month. He reported that the mechanism of 
debt repayment had been devised along with "Gazprom," however, 
he declined to give any details on this system of mutual 
accounts. 

