Language: <F P=105> Polish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Article by "Igo": "The ZChN Wants a Center-Right-Wing </F>
Confederation"] 
  [Text] The Christian-National Union [ZChN] authorities 
have said they would like to see the present right-wing 
coalition, consisting of the ZChN, Center Accord, Peasant 
Accord, and Movement for the Republic, develop into a 
confederation in which each of these parties would retain its 
identity and organizational independence. The confederation 
would have a strong leading body, which would bear its own 
separate name. Until now, the right-wing coalition has been 
informally called the "tripartite" agreement, and then the 
"quadripartite" agreement after the Movement of the Republic 
joined it. 
  Some ZChN politicians--Marek Jurek, Marian Pilka, and 
Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz--have suggested an even stronger link 
between the coalition components. They would like to see a joint 
federative group emerge as early as June. So would Center Accord 
leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski. 
  But the ZChN Main Board adheres to the view of ZChN chairman 
Wieslaw Chrzanowski, who is not very eager to see a single party 
emerge quickly. Chrzanowski says that before such a party can be 
formed, there has to be a joint programmatic declaration and an 
increase in mutual trust between the coalition parties at all 
levels. The Main Board issued a statement to this effect. 
  Although the proposals of Marian Pilka and Kazimierz 
Marcinkiewicz go further than this, they are satisfied with the 
Main Board statement, so that the old conflict within the ZChN 
seems to have been resolved. 

