BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by ITAR-TASS correspondents Viktor Demidenko and </F>
Mikhail Melnik] 
  [Text] Kiev 26 June TASS -- "Ukraine's Supreme Soviet 
cannot limit the head of state's powers after presidential 
elections" unless the latter agrees to it, Ukrainian President 
Leonid Kravchuk told TASS on Sunday [26 June]. 
  "In case the parliament takes this path, it should first ask 
for the people's approval," he added. 
  If in three months the parliament "raises a question about a 
referendum, this may spell the termination of its activities, 
since people will not stand any new elections or referendums," 
the president believes. 
  Kravchuk is confident that lawmakers will not choose to take 
this move. In his opinion, if the parliament tries to restrict 
the president's powers without his agreement, this will lead to 
confrontation entailing grave consequences. 
  However, Kravchuk fears that left-wing lawmakers may revise 
the course approved by the 1991 people's vote and currently 
pursued by Ukraine. "This may cause confrontation," he said. 
  The president is strongly convinced the people advocates its 
state's independence and such values as personal freedom, family 
and confidence in the future. If a person is not economically 
free to choose the form of ownership, or areas for applying his 
or her intellectual and professional potentials, any talk about 
rights and liberties will be out of place. For these reasons, 
the president believes one should not trifle with such things as 
politics, property, social security and armed forces. 
  We should proceed along the road we have chosen, Kravchuk 
said. We should improve our political line and adjust it, if 
appropriate, that is to revise our tactics rather than strategy. 
Otherwise, we will face confrontation and war, the president 
emphasised in conclusion. 

