Language: <F P=105> Ukrainian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Kiev, 1 Feb -- Plenary sittings of the ninth session 
of Ukraine's Supreme Council have resumed. It is planned that 
the concept of the development of Ukraine's fuel and energy 
complex until the year 2010 and the draft law on energy 
conservation will be examined this week. 
  At the morning session, people's deputies examined Ukraine's 
draft budget for 1994, which had been proposed and worked on by 
a standing commission. Finance Minister Hrigoriy Pyatachenko 
spoke about the changes and additions. During discussions on 
the latest option, deputies introduced a number of proposals 
directed at balancing more assiduously the revenue and 
expenditure part of the budget. The Commission for Issues of 
the Development of the Basic Sectors of the National Economy 
completed preparations for discussion at the session. Since the 
draft concept of the national program for the revival of the 
countryside for 1995-2005 did not get the required number of 
votes, the commission is proposing that the concept be discussed 
again. 
  Members of the Commission for Issues of National Education 
and Science prepared a draft law on a scientific and scientific 
and technical assessment, and the draft national scientific and 
technical programs "Energy resources, agriculture and food 
complex, materials and substances," submitted by the Cabinet of 
Ministers. The commission should complete its examination of 
them in the course of this week and submit them to the Supreme 
Council presidium. 
  Individual people's deputies discussed citizens' appeals 
concerning the ethics of the actions and behavior of some 
people's deputies both during plenary sessions and in electoral 
districts. 

