BFN 

  [Text] Fiji's opposition leader, Jai Ram Reddy of the 
National Federation Party [NFP], will consider whether to 
withdraw from parliament following Prime Minister Sitiveni 
Rabuka's warning that there could be another coup. The NFP and 
its ally, the Fiji Labor Party [FLP], are maintaining they 
boycotted parliament after walking out yesterday in protest at 
Mr. Rabuka's remarks during a law and order debate. Mr. Rabuka, 
who led the army overthrow of the Timoci Bavandra government in 
1987, warned that there could be a third and possibly bloody 
coup if indigenous Fijians continue to feel disadvantaged. 
  The NFP has accused the prime minister of trying to 
intimidate Fiji Indians, who comprise about 45 percent of the 
population, and they are denied equal political rights under the 
1990 Constitution. Jai Ram Reddy, who head the NFP, was 
questioned whether Indian political parties have a role to play 
in parliament in view of the fact that they were barred from 
government and were criticized for performing as an opposition. 
Mr. Reddy said the NFP would consider during the weekend 
whether to continue in parliament and possibly have talks with 
the FLP. 
  Meanwhile, Mr. Rabuka today sought to play down his remarks 
telling a half-empty parliament that he was not attacking any 
community in particular and that he was not saying he would 
stage another coup. However, he repeated that no one could 
guarantee what might happen in the future. 

