BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Vicente Briceno at the Miraflores Presidential </F>
Palace; from the "Union Radio News" newscast] 
  [Text] Interior Minister Ramon Escovar Salom has asserted 
that the wave of rumors that has hit the country in the past 
days is part of a psychological war to keep Venezuelans in a 
state of constant anxiety. The interior minister referred to the 
unremitting rumors that have reappeared in the past days and 
added that they are meant to create a climate of uncertainty so 
as to inflame the people or cause a coup. Also, Defense Minister 
Rafael Montero Revette was called on to appear before the 
Congress and, during his remarks, got to the point of saying 
that Commander Hugo Chavez Frias was a subversive. 
  [Begin recording] [Escovar Salom] The number of rumors that 
have been circulating in the past days are part of a 
psychological war. Certain people have wanted to start this 
psychological war to keep the Venezuelans in constant anxiety. 
They are, however, only rumors and gossip. The government cannot 
respond every time a person spreads a rumor. 
  [Reporter] [question indistinct] 
  [Escovar Salom] The Interior Ministry does have a great deal 
of information but I don't have any to give to you at this time. 
  [Reporter] [question indistinct] 
  [Escovar Salom] Basically, it is only rumors, rumors, and 
more rumors. [end recording] 
  Minister Escovar Salom did not say if the government's 
intervention in eight banks would prompt public disorder in the 
country. The students did riot outside the Central Venezuelan 
University on Wednesday, but the minister did not give 
importance to those events. He said they were all street gossip 
which did not merit great significance. As usual, however, he 
promised to give reporters more details at a later date on the 
groups promoting the rumors to destabilize the country. 

