Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Geneva, Jan. 25 KYODO -- Japan and the United States 
appeared at odds Tuesday [25 January] over whether to include 
North Korea, Iraq and 21 other nations in an expanded conference 
on disarmament. The United Nations-backed conference opened 
Tuesday to discuss a total ban on nuclear weapons tests, while 
suggestions of expanding the 37-member conference to 60 divided 
the meeting. 
  John Holum, director of the U.S. Arms Control and 
Disarmament 
Agency, said it would be important for an expanded conference to 
include the nations that are suspected of trying to develop 
nuclear weapons. 
  Japanese Government sources, without specifically mentioning 
North Korea, said Japan cannot agree to allowing into the 
conference nations with which there are problems with the 
inspections of nuclear facilities by the International Atomic 
Energy Agency (IAEA) and problems with executing disarmament 
related treaties. North Korea has repeatedly denied that it is 
attempting to develop an atomic bomb, but its refusal to permit 
IAEA and inter-Korean inspections of its facilities has aroused 
suspicion about its motives. 
  While the U.S. was apparently indicating no objection to 
adding North Korea to the conference, it did indicate that it 
would be opposed to including Iraq, against which the U.S. led a 
multinational coalition against [as received] in the 1991 
Persian Gulf war. 

