CSO 

<F P=106> ["Election Results in Zaporizhzhya Oblast"] </F>
  [Text] In the second round of elections to the Supreme 
Council of Ukraine held on 10 April, in Zhovtnevyy e.d. No. 177, 
Yu. Syzonenko, a Communist, defeated T. Kudlay, doctor of 
juridical sciences; in Zavodskyy e.d. No. 178, the seat was won 
by Leonid Anisimov, a CPU member; in Komunarskyy e.d. No. 179, 
S. Kuzmenko, an employee of AvtoZAZ, defeated the Ukraine Bloc 
candidate; in Levanevskyy e.d. No. 180, M. Taran (CPU) defeated 
the chief of the investigation isolation prison [SIZO]; in 
Leninskyy e.d. No. 181, O. Kuzhel, the representative of the 
"My" [We] Bloc (which unites members of the Party of Democratic 
Rebirth of Ukraine [PDVU]), defeated the Ukraine Bloc candidate; 
in Ordzhonikidzenskyy e.d. No. 182, V. Ponedilko, a Communist, 
defeated Ye. Kostenko ("My" Bloc); in Khortytskyy e.d. No. 183, 
the seat was won by People's Deputy of Ukraine Serhiy Sobolyev; 
in Shevchenkivskyy e.d. No. 184, F. Sunitsyn ("My" Bloc) 
defeated incumbent People's Deputy of Ukraine V. Izmalkov; in 
Berdyansk e.d. No. 185, Ye. Todorov, a CPU member, defeated the 
Rukh candidate; in Melitopol city e.d. No. 186, the seat was won 
by H. Uharov, an independent candidate; in Berdyansk e.d. No. 
188, Industry Minister Oleksandr Holubchenko defeated a 
collective farm chairman; in Zaporizhzhya rayon e.d. No. 190, 
poet Borys Oliynyk (CPU) defeated a member of the the Peasants' 
Party of Ukraine [SelPU]; in Kamyanka-Dniprova e.d. No. 191, H. 
Lunyov, a member of SelPU, defeated an employee of the 
Zaporizhzhya AES; in Melitopol rayon e.d. No. 192, S. Tkachenko, 
editor of the newspaper Novyy den (close to the 
democrats), defeated a collective farm chairman; in Polohy e.d. 
No. 193, the seat was won by O. Yermak, deputy director of 
counterintelligence of the Security Service of Ukraine; in 
Pryazovske e.d. No. 194, where two collective farm chairmen ran 
against each other, the seat was won by O. Bryt, a member of the 
SPU. The election in Tokmak e.d. No. 187 was invalid because 
voter turnout was lower than required by law. 

