Jul-Aug 93 pp 43-45 
<F P=103> 947F0043A </F>
<F P=104>  Minsk IZVESTIYA VYSSHIKH UCHEBNYKH ZAVEDENIY I 
ENERGETICHESKIKH OBYEDINENIY SNG: ENERGETIKA </F>

 Language: <F P=105>Russian </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by V.V. Gerasimov, A.D. Kachan, Belarus Republic </F>
Power Industry Ministry and Belarussian State Polytechnic 
Academy; UDC 621.438.313] 
  [Abstract] An acute shortage of installed capacity coupled 
with the obsolescence and wear of thermal power plant equipment 
as well as a sharp rise in energy prices and increasing reliance 
on Russian natural gas prompted the Belarussian power industry 
to search for ways of increasing the utilization efficiency of 
gas by using waste heat recovery gas turbine plants (UGTU) and 
binary steam gas plants. The factors which affect possible fuel 
savings and the criteria for correct selection of the type of 
power plants are outlined. A formula for calculating the 
equivalent fuel economy is derived. An analysis shows that the 
greatest fuel economy can be achieved by using extraction (heat 
supply) gas turbine plants (GTU) and steam gas plants and that 
fuel savings can be increased further by using binary extraction 
gas turbine plants with backpressure turbines. The urgency of 
implementing low-power extraction turbine-based gas turbine and 
steam gas plants is stressed, and it is noted that such 
low-power plants can be brought on stream much faster than 
powerful plants. References 3. 


