BFN 

  [Text] The press service of the Karabakh defense forces 
says that in the past 24 hours fighting continued in the Agdam 
and Mardakert directions of the Armenian-Azeri theater of 
operations. 
  According to the press service, Azeri forces attempted, 
Thursday evening, to break the line of Karabakh defenses near 
the village of Yusifdjanly of the Agdamski District only to be 
driven back to their former positions Friday [13 May] morning. 
  Karabakh forces rebuffed several attacks in the north and 
north-east of the Mardakertski District where intelligence 
sources report a continued buildup of Azeri troops and military 
hardware. 
  On Thursday Karabakh forces took control of the village of 
Seisulan of the Mardakertski District. 
  Also on Thursday, at approximately 2030, Azeri forces opened 
rocket fire on the village of Berdashen of Karabakh's 
Martuninski District. According to preliminary counts, two 
women were killed and a dozen villagers received injuries. 
  Chief Serge Arushanyan of the defense forces' press service 
told INTERFAX Friday that Azerbaijan had violated yet another 
cease-fire agreement and would keep doing so until a 
peace-keeping contingent entered the troubled area. The warring 
forces were to have ceased fire at Thursday midnight. 
  In the meantime a well-informed source on the Azeri 
President's staff accused the Armenians of torpedoing the 
cease-fire negotiated Wednesday night by the Armenian and Azeri 
Defense Ministers and the commander of the Karabakh defense 
forces. The source told INTERFAX the Armenians were not ready 
to halt fire. 
  According to a source on the staff of Azerbaijan's Defense 
Ministry, Azeri forces wage trench warfare in Azerbaijan's 
Ter-Terski District which lies in the north-east of the theater 
of operations. Friday morning the Armenians resumed attacks in 
the direction of Ter-Ter. 
  The source said two Armenian tanks and three MICV's [as 
received] were destroyed over the past 24 hours. 

