Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Korea has expressed concern with the projected U.S. 
revival of Super 301 in the U.S. Trade Act, pointing out that 
the act does not comply with free trade spirit and regulations 
of GATT and the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Foreign 
Ministry said yesterday. Seoul and Washington have agreed to 
hold a working-level body to improve U.S. procedures on 
investigation of anti-dumping practices of Korean exporters, a 
ministry official said. 
  The agreement was reached at the close of three days of 
Korea-U.S. talks at the Dialogue for Economic Cooperation (DEC) 
in Washington Thursday. The two sides also reached an agreement 
to conclude a pact on exemption of social security tax on 
businessmen working in the United States. 
  The official said that the United States accepted the 
request 
by Korea it improve unfair U.S. investigation procedures in 
connection with alleged anti-dumping practices by Korean 
commodity exporters. Korean companies have suffered from 
frequent anti-dumping probes. 
  The two sides also decided to launch working-level 
negotiations to work out an agreement on exemption of social 
security tax. Korean businessmen have complained that they are 
forced to pay security tax on their income in the United States. 
  The United States has agreed to arrange a dialogue channel 
between U.S. and Korean constructors to solve the difficulties 
Koreans experience, such as non-recognition of Korean 
constructors' performance in third countries and obligatory 
deposits of excessive amount of money for construction work in 
the United States. The two sides also agreed to strengthen 
cooperation between tax administration bodies to prevent 
unreasonable imposition of taxes on Korean firms. 
  A final report on discussion of bilateral economic issues 
will be reported to a meeting of the Korea-U.S. economic 
consultative council slated for June in Washington, the official 
said. 

