Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By BUSINESSTASS correspondent Olga Proskurina for TASS] </F>
  [Text] Moscow March 23 TASS -- The programme of voucher 
privatisation is the only Russian state programme which has been 
successfully implemented and which will be completed as 
scheduled," said Anatoliy Chubays, chairman of the Russian 
Committee for State Property, at a news conference held to 
highlight the end of voucher privatisation scheduled in 100 days 
from now. 
  During the 100 days left before June 30, an officially 
declared deadline for voucher privatisation, around 200 major 
enterprises are expected to put their shares on sale at 
all-Russia voucher auctions. Another 4,500 auction sales will be 
held in regional auction centre. Chubays said that a few days 
ago the Russian Committee for State Property reached an 
agreement in principle with managers of the "Norilsk Nickel 
Concern" to put on sale a large package of shares belonging to 
this enterprise. 
  Chubays believes that by 1 July, 70 percent of Russian 
enterprises would have been privatised. Around 20 per cent of 
enterprises might be privatised according to a new scheme 
developed by the Russian State Property Committee. The concept 
of monetary privatisation will be submitted for a discussion to 
the State Duma on April 5. 
  Chubays said that after July 1, the State Property Committee 
will continue to control the activities of voucher investment 
foundations and protect the interests of their shareholders. 

