BFN 

  [Text] United Nations, April 17 (XINHUA) -- The U.N. 
Security Council today condemned escalating military activities 
by the Bosnian Serb forces in Gorazde, warning them of possible 
consequences. 
  "Council members are particularly disturbed that aggressive 
military actions were taken by the Serb forces against Gorazde 
simultaneously with cease-fire negotiations," said Council 
President Colin Keating of New Zealand. 
  Keating made the remarks to reporters after the council 
failed to approve a Pakistan-drafted resolution, which calls for 
lifting arms embargo against Bosnia. 
  "Council members support the actions UNPROFOR [UN Protection 
Force] has taken to date to deal with these threats and remind 
those concerned of the consequences under its resolutions if 
aggressive actions continue," said Keating. 
  Gorazde, a U.N.-designated a "safe area," has been under 
Serb 
offensive for 19 days, in which more than 200 people have 
reportedly been killed and almost 1,000 wounded. 
  Under a Security Council resolution on establishing safe 
areas in Bosnia, the U.N. Protection Force (UNPROFOR) has the 
right to protect these areas with force. 
  In addition, Keating also condemned the harassment and 
detention of U.N. peacekeeping troops throughout Bosnia. 
  Up to now, almost 200 U.N. hostages have been taken by the 
Serb forces in retaliation for two NATO air raids last week on 
the Serb positions. 
  In his remarks, Keating emphasized diplomatic efforts to 
defuse the tension. 
  "Council members encourage intensified diplomatic efforts to 
achieve a cease-fire and to reestablish negotiations for a 
comprehensive peace settlement," he said. 
  "The talks being held by the foreign minister of the Russian 
Federation at this time are welcomed along with the efforts of 
the United States special envoy and the European Union," he 
added. 

