BFN 

  [Text] JAKARTA, April 26 (AFP) -- Justice Minister Utoyo 
Usman has accused China of interfering in Indonesia's internal 
affairs with its criticisms of recent anti-ethnic Chinese riots 
in North Sumatra. 
  Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesman Wu Jianmin on Thursday 
called on Jakarta to defuse the situation after riots erupted 
following labour protests in Medan on April 14. 
  "China had better mind its own internal affairs. Events such 
as took place in Medan (North Sumatra), happen in many other 
countries," said Usman cited by Antara news agency. 
  Usman, who was speaking in Manado, North Sulawesi, on Monday 
said Beijing's statement showed its tendency to interfere in 
Indonesian internal affairs, the agency said. 
  He said Jakarta had taken prompt action to stop the trouble 
and was handling the incidents according to Indonesian law. 
  The Indonesian military have said 47 suspects have been 
detained following the disturbances and legal proceedings were 
pending. 
  The riots left one ethnic Chinese businessman dead and 
damaged scores of Chinese-owned properties. Workers were 
demanding better labour conditions, better wages and the freedom 
to organize. 
  There is widespread resentment in parts of Indonesia against 
the country's five million ethnic-Chinese minority, which 
constitutes only three percent of the population but controls a 
disproportionate share of the economic activity. 
  There are also about 200,000 Chinese nationals in Indonesia, 
who have been stranded here since Jakarta severed ties with 
Beijing in 1967 in the wake of an aborted coup in 1965 which was 
blamed on communists. 
  Jakarta had then accused Beijing of complicity in the coup. 
Relations were normalized in August 1990. 
  Indonesian Foreign Minister Ali Alatas in an earlier comment 
on Beijing's statement said China should not doubt Jakarta's 
ability to handle the unrest in Medan. 

