Language: <F P=105> Serbo-Croatian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Petko Koprivica report from Knin] </F>
  [Text] [Koprivica] The United States is committed to the 
territorial and political integrity of all the parts of the 
former Yugoslavia, of course with full respect for the 
fundamental human and civil rights. This was stated in Knin 
today by Peter Galbraith, U.S. ambassador in Zagreb, after 
meeting Milan Martic, president of the republic of Serbian 
Krajina. 
  Assessing the talks with Ambassador Galbraith as very 
useful, 
and stressing that the Krajina Serbs are very interested in a 
peaceful solution to the conflict with Croatia -- but certainly 
not at Krajina's disadvantage -- President Milan Martic said: 
  [Martic] On our behalf, we expressed our flexibility when it 
comes to peace. However, we demand flexibility from the other 
side, from the Republic of Croatia. We are for peace, there is 
no doubt about that. However, when it comes to the 
reintegration -- we listened to the ambassador concerning the 
views of the United States and Russia, that the republic of 
Serbian Krajina has to reintegrate into the Republic of Croatia 
in a peaceful way. We presented our view, and the view of our 
people -- regardless of the views of the United States and 
Russia, and the Security Council with its unfavorable 
resolutions -- that the basic right has to be observed, the 
right to self-determination, which has to be above those views. 
  [Koprivica] It is interesting to note that -- during the 
talks with Martic and his associates, and later in front of the 
reporters -- the U.S. diplomat did not even hint at denying the 
existence of the republic of Serbian Krajina as a state, nor did 
he reject the right of the Serbian people to self-determination. 

