Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Mikhail Kolesnichenko] </F>
  [Text] New York February 14 TASS--The Russian-American 
corporation ITAR-TASS U.S.A. started functioning in the United 
States. Its main tasks include the spreading in the North 
American Free Trade Zone of complete and reliable first-hand 
information about the developments in the political, economic 
and cultural life of Russia and other CIS member states and the 
promoting of contacts between political, business and academic 
circles of the two countries. 
  The corporation was founded by the ITAR-TASS, the central 
news agency of Russia, and the U.S. company Kassengen 
Associates, which is actively operating on the CIS market. 
ITAR-TASS will supply subscribers as promptly as possible with 
various materials, including texts of presidential decrees, 
government resolutions, daily reports, analytical materials, 
business information bulletins and news about science, culture 
and sports. In its turn, Kassengen Associates, which has much 
experience in dealing with local business people, will help with 
the marketing of information products of the news agency. 
  [Moscow ITAR-TASS World Service in Russian at 1330 GMT on 14 
February provides the following contact telephone numbers for 
ITAR-TASS U.S.A.: New York--(212) 245-4250; Los Angeles--(800) 
678-0616; and Moscow--(095) 229-64-03] 

