BFN 

  [Text] The official visit [to Germany] by Russian President 
Boris Yeltsin beginning Wednesday cannot be described as 
"traditional", aide to the Russian president on foreign affairs, 
Dmitriy Ryurikov has told INTERFAX. Despite the fact that 
during the visit the two sides are to sign documents, for 
example, on economic cooperation, "the developing of a concept 
of relations between our countries in the post-confrontational 
period" will occupy the main place in the talks between 
President Yeltsin and leading German politicians, said the 
president's aide. 
  In view of this concept the two sides will consider the 
peculiarities of the new stage in Russian-German cooperation, as 
well as problems associated with the final withdrawal of the 
Russian troops from Federal Germany before August, 1994, said 
Ryurikov. He made it clear that a change of the initial "modest 
form" of Russian troop withdrawal from Germany may be one of the 
results of the discussion of the pullout's fine points. 
  The discussion during Yeltsin's visit "of the modality of 
the 
Russian-German relations for the coming years," believes 
Ryurikov, must lay a stable foundation for the entire system of 
contacts between the states, their economic circles, and between 
individuals. 
  Ryurikov believes that the German Chancellor's invitation to 
President Yeltsin to visit his native land is the response by 
Helmut Kohl for last year's trip with Yeltsin to Lake Baykal. 
Such meetings of the leaders "in the provinces of both 
countries" enhance better understanding of the spirit of both 
countries and peoples, said Ryurikov. 
  He said that experts responsible for concrete issues, which 
Yeltsin plans to consider during the visit, are members of the 
Russian delegation. The visit's schedule provides for meetings 
and talks between Yeltsin and Chancellor Helmut Kohl, German 
President Richard von Weizsacker, Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel, 
Prime Minister of Baden-Wurttemberg, Erwin Teufel, chairman of 
the German Social Democratic Party, Rudolph Scharping, as well 
as meetings with leading business people of Germany. 

