Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, March 3 (XINHUA) -- The 10th session of the 
Economic and Trade Mixed Committee between China, Belgium and 
Luxembourg was held here today. 
  Wu Yi, Chinese minister of foreign trade and economic 
cooperation, and Robert Urbain, Belgian minister of foreign 
trade and European affairs, co-hosted the meeting. 
  Wu said that Sino-Belgian cooperation in economy, trade and 
science and technology maintained its development in 1993 on the 
basis of 1992, and Belgian investment in China has shown a 
positive trend. 
  China spared no efforts to import advanced technology and 
equipment from Belgium, she said. 
  She expressed the hope that belgium would try to increase 
its 
imports of Chinese products. 
  Sino-Luxembourg cooperation in the fields of steel and iron 
and finance were satisfactory, she added. 
  The above-mentioned achievements were gained through joint 
efforts of three governments and their industrial and commercial 
circles. 
  Urbain said that economic and trade contacts between the two 
countries have become closer, and cooperation on 
telecommunications was especially successful. 
  He expressed the hope that the current session of the 
committee would further the friendly cooperative ties between 
China and the Belgium and Luxembourg Economic Union. 
  Chinese Vice-Premier Li Lanqing met here this afternoon with 
Robert Urbain, and extended his congratulations on the success 
of the meeting. 
  Urbain arrived in Shanghai on Monday at the invitation of Wu 
Yi. 

