BFN 

  [Text] Three arch criminals, Dong Silin, Pang Jingang, and 
Zhang Yan, who had absconded for six months and been listed as 
wanted by the public security organs of Erenhot city because 
they had long harassed the public security of the city, 
surrendered themselves to the public security organs on 15 
February due to being awed by the power of the campaign of 
dealing strict blows at crimes. 
  In the second half of 1993 the social order of Erenhot, a 
border city opening to the outside world, was once relatively 
chaotic because some local ruffians and unlawful elements had 
formed an evil force through collusion. They seriously 
disturbed the city's public security by stealing openly, 
stealing covertly, engaging in fighting, and dominating the 
markets through cheating. They were bitterly hated by the 
masses. The three criminals are the members of the noted 
criminal ring of gangsters in the city. Since August 1993, the 
public security bureau of Erenhot city has concentrated its 
efforts on dealing blows at "border bandits and trade despots" 
and a large number of serious criminal elements, who have long 
committed robbery and looting, have been successively arrested. 
During the activities of "concentrating efforts on dealing blows 
at crimes," the city's public security bureau has cracked down 
on 89 criminal cases of various categories and investigated or 
handled 259 cases of violation of the public security law. It 
has effectively held back the rising trend of criminal cases by 
dealing blows at crimes and having handled the cases involving 
570 criminal elements. Thus, the public security and social 
order of Erenhot have obviously achieved a turn for the better. 

