Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, January 17 (KCNA) -- The Korean computer 
centre, which stands on a bank of the Taedong River in 
Pyongyang, is a promising export centre of computer software. 
  In the past three years since its inauguration, the centre 
has developed many softwares for the computerization of 
production processes and control of machine devices including 
lathes by various computers, an aggregation of advanced 
technology. 
  Last year, the researchers of the centre developed Pyongyang 
word processing programme "Sogwang", a production process 
automation system, an office automation programme, a pattern 
designing software, an architectural designing system, an expert 
system and other softwares. 
  These softwares are available for personal computers, the 
most popularized one in the world. 
  Many systems and programmes have proven effective in the 
computerization of factories and enterprises in different 
domains of the national economy and some of them are exported. 
The softwares developed by the centre are in great demand 
externally. The educational Taegwon-to programme enjoyed high 
popularity among the participants in the first World Junior 
Taegwon-to Championship held in Moscow last year. 
  The employees of the centre are developing programmes of 
wide 
variety to meet the growing external demand, while receiving 
orders from foreign countries. 

