Language: <F P=105> Italian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Italian Socialist Party Secretary Ottaviano </F>
Del Turco by Venanzio Postiglione in Milan; date not given: 
"The PSI Secretary Says the Left and the Center Can Beat the 
Right Through Local Agreements"] 
  [Text] Milan -- [Postiglione] Mr. Del Turco, have you heard 
the accusations? They say you are the smallest cog on the 
progressive wheel. So why have you joined the coalition? 
  [Del Turco] The smallest cog on the wheel? Nonsense! If 
anyone within the coalition attempts to disparage our 
traditions, then we will take back our banner and... 
  [Postiglione] And where will you go? 
  [Del Turco] We will stay on the left, but alone, without any 
coalitions. 
  [Postiglione] But do you really believe in a coalition 
ranging from [Democratic Alliance, AD, leader] Adornato to 
[Communist Renewal Chairman] Cossutta? 
  [Del Turco] Why not? Did anyone ever imagine [League 
Secretary] Bossi and [Forza Italia leader] Berlusconi joining 
forces? Or [Democratic Christian Center, CCD, members] Casini 
and Mastella beckoning to [National Alliance coordinator] Fini? 
We are a coalition, not a front. There was a front in 1948, 
and that experience was enough for us. [Del Turco ends] 
  "Let us regain our pride," read the largest banner. "We are 
becoming the manservants of those who have always hated us," 
Bobo Craxi and company were remarking bitterly. There was little 
applause for Ottaviano Del Turco -- little applause in the 
former Bribe City. He was taking it easy: "Milan is like 
Coventry after the bombings. Nothing is left standing. We must 
start again from scratch...." Delegates at the PSI's [Italian 
Socialist Party] provincial general meeting were murmuring, 
twisting about on their seats, taking opposite sides. What was 
to be done? Where could they go from here? What could they 
hope for? Del Turco has already made his choice: "We will be 
the moderate force within the left." However, the expression on 
his face was becoming increasingly grim. He was neither 
laughing nor smiling. "He almost looks like [Italian Popular 
Party, PPI, Secretary] Martinazzoli," someone in the audience 
was saying. 
  [Postiglione] Galli della Loggia wrote in CORRIERE DELLA 
SERA 
that AD's project failed. There is no democratic party -- only 
unity among the left-wing forces.... 
  [Del Turco] This is not so. He is wrong. AD has had its 
share of problems, like all other political forces. However, 
the people representing it, and its internal composition, lead 
it inevitably to form part of the progressive coalition. An 
attempt is being made to establish two different alignments. If 
we sit at the negotiating table, then they say that [Democratic 
Party of the Left, PDS, Secretary] Occhetto is dictating the 
rules. If we leave, then we are told that we are betraying the 
reform... They want to have it both ways! 
  [Postiglione] Will you find it easy, however, to put up with 
Communist Renewal? 
  [Del Turco] Wait a minute. An agreement is not an 
endorsement. 
  [Postiglione] Yes, but how can you implement an austerity 
policy with [Communist Renewal Deputy] Bertinotti? 
  [Del Turco] They have accepted things that were unthinkable 
even a short time ago, starting from privatization. You will 
see, if they want to govern the country, they will have to 
compromise on certain issues... 
  [Postiglione] Of course, you will also say that you want to 
see Ciampi as prime minister.... 
  [Del Turco] No, enough now. It makes no sense to mention his 
name. You are not rendering him a good service by doing so. 
Using him in the electoral campaign and turning him into a 
target for polemics is absolutely inappropriate. 
  [Postiglione] But do you want him as prime minister or not? 
  [Del Turco] Yes, of course. But I repeat: I should not want 
to use him, at any price, as a pawn in some internal game within 
the progressive coalition... What is new in politics, however, 
is something else... 
  [Postiglione] What? 
  [Del Turco] The agreement between Bossi and Berlusconi, 
which 
is leaving less room for [Pact for Italy leader] Segni and 
Martinazzoli, and is increasing the polarizing effect. 
  [Postiglione] What does this mean in real terms? 
  [Del Turco] We must work out local agreements to enable the 
center and the left to join forces and defeat the right-wing 
candidates, who have a clear head start. 
  [Postiglione] Why are the Socialists, meaning your 
Socialists, not joining Segni and Martinazzoli in the third pole? 
  [Del Turco] I first tried to understand whether they were 
showing any appreciation for our efforts, but not the smallest 
sign came from them... When I think that we always recognized 
and appreciated their efforts. 
  [Postiglione] Are they ungrateful, then? 
  [Del Turco] Yes, I think we may use such a term. 
  [Postiglione] However, in the meantime [former PSI member] 
Giuliano Amato has also joined the center. 
  [Del Turco] And he has made a big mistake. The electoral 
reform is adamant: It requires two blocks. It is within these 
two poles that the "moderating" influence must be exercised. 
This is precisely my role among the progressives. I have 
consulted with Adornato, and he agrees. If we stay, it is to 
enable a reformist platform to emerge. 
  [Postiglione] Craxi's former followers are furious. They are 
saying that "Del Turco has sold out to the PDS." 
  [Del Turco] Wrong. I spent 25 years within the CGIL [Italian 
General Confederation of Labor] -- a trade union where the PCI 
[Italian Communist Party] constituted a majority, and which was 
full of hardliners and purists. I was part of a minority, but I 
always defended the reformists' identity: I was never 
subordinate to anybody, neither to Lama nor to the others. 
Rather, they used to accuse me of the opposite. They said that 
I was too strong-minded. Why should I give in, now that I am 50, 
if I did not when I was 30 or 40? 
  [Postiglione] How many more Socialists, however, will you 
lose on the way? 
  [Del Turco] Perhaps those who know that there is no place 
for 
them within the progressive alliance. But the idea that some of 
them may join Berlusconi is unacceptable. Let me quote [PSI 
deputy] Intini: "Socialists can do all sorts of things, but one 
thing they cannot do is be under the orders of an employer." 
  [Postiglione] Did Berlusconi not give you a call? Did he not 
try to convince you, too? 
  [Del Turco] We spoke to each other, true. But he did not try 
to convince me of anything. He feels too much respect for me 
and my background. For the first time, he had to use a 
different kind of language with a PSI secretary. Why? It is no 
mystery: He was friends and buddies with the previous 
leadership. 
  [Postiglione] You also had relations with Craxi... 
  [Del Turco] I was never part of his circle of friends, 
everybody knows that. Also, I predicted what was going to 
happen. I remember my speech in Rimini, in 1988: "The party is 
now full of strange men: Enthusiasm for politics never shines 
in their eyes." 
  [Postiglione] Mr. Del Turco, were you not better off as a 
trade unionist? 
  [Del Turco] That was the best experience in my life. 
  [Postiglione] Are you enjoying yourself now? 
  [Del Turco] No, I have not enjoyed it even for a single day. 
Never. My task is to salvage a piece of Italian history, carry 
reformist socialism into the next parliament. If I succeed, 
everybody will get recognition for success. If I fail, it will 
be my fault. 

