Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by H.Birns and N. Patterton] </F>
  [Text] Pretoria Feb 21 SAPA -- The Freedom Alliance [FA] on 
Monday [21 February] conceded "some victories" had been gained 
in its talks with the government and the African National 
Congress, but said negotiations remained deadlocked due to 
persisting fundamental flaws in the interim constitution. 
  The Alliance said in a statement after meeting in Pretoria 
positive results included the acceptance of the two-ballot 
system; substitution of the name "Natal" by "kwaZulu/Natal"; 
provision for the principle of self-determination; and 
improvements in the fiscal and financial self-government of 
provinces, although no autonomy to raise taxes had been gained. 
  "Nevertheless, these are more than counter-balanced by 
critical and fundamental constitutional issues, which have not 
been resolved and which are vital for peace and stability in 
southern Africa." 
  The Alliance insisted the powers and functions of provincial 
governments had not been improved, nor had concessions been made 
in this regard. It said provincial governments would have less 
powers than those held before 1986 by the present provinces or 
than those of the current self-governing states. 
  Concessions made on the right of provinces to draw up their 
own constitutions which would be protected, had been "devalued 
by the lack of improvement of the very powers that are to be 
protected". 
  There was also still no guarantee that an Afrikaner 
volkstaat 
[homeland] would be established before or after the election, 
and the same held true for others who wanted self-determination. 
  Alliance Chairman Rowan Cronje said the FA remained prepared 
to negotiate an inclusive political settlement and would welcome 
it if other parties made continued discussions possible. If they 
do not, then they leave us with no alternative but to look at 
alternatives," Mr Cronje said. 

