Language: <F P=105> Greek </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] In case of an impasse on the Cyprus issue, the UN 
Security Council is committed to study suggestions by the UN 
secretary general for alternative ways to implement the many UN 
resolutions on Cyprus. Government Spokesman Ioannis Kasoulidhis 
made the above statement today in response to suggestions from 
correspondents that the Cyprus case will be put aside if there 
is another impasse. The Government spokesman said this 
evaluation is incorrect, because if the impasse continues due to 
the Turkish side, the Security Council has assumed a specific 
commitment to study suggestions by the secretary general for 
alternative ways to implement the many UN resolutions on Cyprus. 
  In the meantime, diplomatic activity regarding the Cyprus 
issue is intensifying, especially in view of the trip by Joe 
Clark, the UN secretary general's special representative, 
scheduled for the end of this week. Foreign diplomats in 
Nicosia expect the Turkish side to respond to the 
confidence-building measures in the next few days. A government 
source told the Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation that the Greek 
Cypriot side insists on a positive and unconditional response 
without new demands, and will not move from this position. 
  The Cyprus Government has sent a message to the Turkish side 
and every other interested party stressing that it has accepted 
the confidence-building measures in principle. The government 
spokesman also said the government accepts the philosophy behind 
the confidence-building measures -- opening the entire fenced 
area of Famagusta and operating Nicosia International Airport -- 
and called on the Turkish side to do the same. If the Turkish 
side does something like this, the spokesman said, we are ready 
to discuss ways of implementing the confidence-building measures. 

