Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by N. N. Kamenev, V. I. Nalivayko; UDC </F>
621.372.8:535] 
  [Abstract] A feasibility is demonstrated for developing a 
converter of a monochromatic light beam into a line of parallel 
light beams of identical intensity. A three-dimensional divider 
of the monochromatic radiation was examined here. This divider 
can be useful for the development of three-dimensional 
integrated-optical circuits. The proposed device includes a 
waveguide, and input and output diffraction gratings. Planar 
waveguides, obtained by diffusion of silver ions into an oxide 
glass substrate, were used. The input and output elements of the 
demultiplier consist of a thin relief type diffraction grating. 
The elements were prepared by projecting the interference 
pattern produced by crossed beams of argon laser, on the 0.4 - 
0.6m thick As[.sup]2[/]S[.sub]3[/] films, sputtered by 
a thermal evaporation in a vacuum. After exposure, the 
diffraction efficiency (DE) increased during the transformation 
process of the grating structure. For an effective performance 
of the device, the input grating must have a maximum possible 
value of the DE. In the experiments performed here, the DE was 
on the order of 50%. Figures 2, references 8: 5 Russian, 3 
Western 


