BFN 

  [Text] As you already know, Czech Prime Minister Vaclav 
Klaus started his visit to Russia today. He was welcomed at 
Vnukovo-2 airport in Moscow by representatives of the Russian 
Government and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian 
Federation. Our special correspondent David Stahlavsky has 
phoned in: 
  [Stahlavsky] The Czech prime minister is accompanied in 
Moscow by representatives of the Ministries of Industry and 
Trade, Finance, and Foreign Affairs. This indicates the main 
aim of Vaclav Klaus' visit: namely, to solve the current 
economic problems in Czech-Russian relations, no doubt burdened 
by the state debt of Moscow to the value of $3 billion and a 
direct customer debt of $185 million. In view of its problematic 
solvency, Moscow is offering, as a relatively viable solution, 
deliveries of Russian goods to our market. The Czech condition, 
however,is concluding a clear and realistic agreement. 
  According to Deputy Finance Minister Vladimir Rudlovcak, who 
is accompanying Vaclav Klaus, the principles of this agreement 
should be assessed during the current visit of the Czech prime 
minister to Moscow. 
  Another of the visit's priorities is an agreement on 
problem-free deliveries of oil and gas for a longer period than 
hitherto; that is, for longer than one year. We are also 
considering possible capitalization of our claims, but thorough 
research of the enterprises offered is necessary for that. 
Finally, there will also be talks about the property of the 
former Council for Mutual Economic Assistance. 

