Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Presidential Bulletin" feature] </F>
  [Text] The lack of a "too sensitive reaction" from Russia 
and other countries to Lithuania's decision to join NATO proves 
that this step is in line with the processes taking place in 
real life, said President Algirdas Brazauskas on Monday [10 
January]. 
  Addressing a press conference in Vilnius, he said he hopes 
that a resolution concerning the prospects for integrating 
Lithuania and other countries of Eastern and Central Europe into 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization will be adopted at the 
NATO summit taking place in Brussels. 
  Brazauskas believes that the implementation of the 
"partnership for peace" initiative, designed to pave the way for 
the countries in Central and Eastern Europe to membership in the 
continent's collective security structures, will be conducive to 
this. 
  According to the president, there is a need to search for 
solutions that would make it possible to include the whole of 
Europe in a system of collective security. 
  Brazauskas told his hosts at the National Radio's Russian 
Service in Vilnius over the weekend that Lithuania's decision to 
integrate into NATO must not change its relations with Russia 
and other neighbors in any way. 
  In his words, this political move "should not be interpreted 
as an intention to "alter or stiffen ties with Russia and other 
states." All European leaders, in his opinion, should agree on 
"a single security umbrella." 
  Prime Minister Adolfas Slezevicius, accompanying Brazauskas, 
added that "Lithuania's pro-western orientation is nothing new 
in its foreign policy". According to him, integration with NATO 
and other European security structures will be conducive to 
regional stability, indispensable not only to Lithuania but to 
all neighboring states. 

