BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Mirza Sadikovic] </F>
  [Text] Karadzic's fascists have been attacking the Bihac 
region since last night. The strongest attacks were again 
launched on Buzim and the surrounding area. They are being 
subjected to constant artillery and tank fire. The chetniks 
intermittently shelled the suburbs of Cazin. They also shelled 
indiscriminately the positions of the defenders of the 
Grmusko-Srbljanski plateau and Grabez, as well as the free 
territory of Bosanska Krupa and the defenders' positions. 
  Last night, the chetniks attacked the positions of the 
fighters in the zone of operations of the General Staff of the 
Croatian Defense Council in this region, especially the 
Pljesevica part of the front. 
  The paramilitary formations of the Kladusa traitors, in 
collaboration with the chetniks from the so-called Serbian 
autonomous region of Krajina, continued to pursue their shameful 
aims last night. They launched attacks from the regions of 
Todorovo, Trzac, Liskovac, and Krivaja. They also carried out 
the strongest attacks on Buzim last night. In addition to 
Todorovo, they shelled Varoska Rijeka and other places. 
  The engineering works were stepped up on all lines in the 
so-called Serbian autonomous region of Krajina yesterday. The 
chetniks are rapidly bringing heavy arms and are grouping new 
forces. 
  An appeal was again sent from the Bihac region to the 
international community, the state Presidency of 
Bosnia-Herzegovina to urgently deploy UN forces on the border 
between Bosnia-Herzegovina and Croatia to prevent new attacks 
and aggression from the territory of another state on this UN 
protected zone. 
  This is Mirza Sadikovic reporting for Bosnia-Herzegovina 
Radio and Television. 

