BFN 

  [Text] The Ministry of Home Affairs has decided to conduct 
a civil defense exercise on 15 June focusing on an anti-air raid 
exercise on a nationwide scale, rather than the exercises to 
prepare for disasters that the Home Ministry has focused on to 
date. 
  The 15 June civil defense exercise will consist of the 
sounding of the air-raid siren, residents taking refuge in 
shelters, control of motor vehicles, emergency rehabilitation 
work in preparation for the power outage and the cut-off of the 
water supply, and an exercise to prepare for chemical, 
biological, and radiological warfare. 
  The Home Ministry also has decided to check all the 
facilities in preparation for war, such as some 223,000 shelters 
and some 59,000 emergency water-supply facilities across the 
country. This is the first time that all the war-time shelter 
facilities will be checked across the country. 
  The Home Ministry has also decided to distribute pamphlets 
through neighborhood meetings on 25 June guiding the people as 
to how they should act in a time of war, including a nuclear war. 
  The government has also decided to conduct the Chungmu 
Exercise, a regional general crisis management exercise, in 
Seoul and its vicinity for six days beginning 22 August. Eight 
government ministries, including the Home Ministry, will 
participate in this exercise to be conducted by the State 
Contingency Planning Committee to check the ability to cope with 
disasters, such as power outages, cut-off of water-supply, and 
food shortages. 

