BFN 

<F P=106> ["US Looks for Armenian Plumbers with BA's in English" -- </F>
ITAR-TASS headline; by ITAR-TASS correspondent Tigran Liloyan] 
  [Text] Yerevan June 30 TASS -- The United States Embassy in 
Armenia has placed ads in local newspapers with job offers for a 
plumber and an electrician who have an excellent knowledge of 
the English language. This, coming after other recent embassy 
advertisements for a car mechanic and several cleaning ladies 
who specialised in foreign languages. Such comic naivety on the 
Americans' part has given rise to lively commentaries in the 
local press. 
  The Yerevan newspaper "LRAGIR" can just picture some 
university student or graduate from a foreign language 
department devoting his or her youth to freeing the U.S. Embassy 
from unpleasant toilet odors in flawless English. Why not, 
muses the author, introduce some new courses in the foreign 
language faculties of the republic's institutions of higher 
education: English Plumbing 101, Basic English Slang for 
Drivers, Watchmen and Laborers in Shakespeare's Works. 
  The capital newspaper did not stop there. Why not begin 
intensive language courses in Chinese, Japanese, Spanish, and so 
on? For every language there should be at least one embassy, 
which, the paper concluded, would therefore be able to employ 
local language specialists looking for work as plumbers and 
cleaners. It just may be a solution for Armenia's college 
graduates searching for employment on the republic's difficult 
job market. 

