BFN 

  [Text] The first session of the new Crimean Supreme 
Council was inaugurated in Simferopol today. The session was 
opened by Aleksandr Kruhlow, a 72-year-old deputy from 
Sevastopol, organizer of many meetings in Nakhimov Square, and 
an untiring fighter for the return of Sevastopol and the Crimea 
to Russia. The newly elected deputies were addressed by Crimean 
President Yuriy Meshkov. Sharing with them their feelings 
following their election to parliament, Meshkov said that the 
new parliament is to be subservient [kyshenkovyy] and obedient 
in its attitude to the citizens, by whom it was elected. 
Aleksandr Kruhlow, who took the floor at his own initiative, 
addressed the deputies as well as television viewers and the 
radio audience -- the session was broadcast -- with the 
question: How long are you going to tolerate an artificial 
separation of the Crimea from the fatherland, that is, from 
Russia? This problem, he emphasized, has to be resolved by the 
parliament as soon as possible. 
  The newly elected deputies were also greeted by a guest from 
Moscow, Russian State Duma Deputy Konstantin Zatulin, who 
expressed his confidence that the new parliament has the 
possibility to open a new chapter in Crimean history, and that 
the Crimea will become a promised land for everybody. 
  The Crimean Supreme Council [words indistinct] its working 
bodies. 

