Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Andrey Naryshkin] </F>
  [Text] Zagreb February 28 TASS -- NATO fighters shot down 
four warplanes belonging to Bosnian Serbs over 
Bosnia-Herzegovina on Monday [28 February]. 
  The planes were downed near Novi Travnik after they entered 
the restricted "no-fly" zone in Bosnia-Herzegovina and refused 
to obey NATO planes' orders to land. The planes raided a 
military factory at Novi Travnik. 
  U.S. [as received] Protection Forces commander in former 
Yugoslavia Jean Cot said the incident will have no consequences 
for his units in Croatia and Bosnia-Herzegovina. 
  Croatian radio quoted the Croatian Defence Ministry as 
saying 
that the planes which attacked the plant had flown from 
southwest, while other sources claimed that they had been sent 
from the air base in Banja Luka. 
  The Serbs are denying their involvement in the incident, 
saying that the military airport in Banja Luka is controlled by 
United Nations and the planes could not take off without being 
noticed. An official of the local press centre in Banja Luka 
said the planes- attackers did not have anything to do with the 
Bosnian Serb air force. 
  Greek Foreign Minister Karolos Papoulias and his British 
counterpart Douglas Hurd said on Monday that the incident will 
not affect the peace process in Bosnia. 
  Hurd who arrived in Athens for talks on Sunday said the 
reports about the incident are not quite clear, adding that the 
NATO planes acted in accordance with the regulations approved by 
the U.N. Security Council for "no-fly zones." 
  Hurd said he had contacted Russian Deputy Foreign Minister 
Vitaliy Churkin by telephone to inform him about his position 
and expressed the hope that he will be able to speak with 
Foreign Minister Andrey Kozyrev shortly. 

