CSO 

    [Editorial Report] The results of a number on polls on the 
European Parliament elections, the popularity of political 
parties, and presidential preferences have been published in the 
Portuguese press. 
<H5>  Poll on Euroelections </H5>
  The results of a NORMA/SEMANARIO telephone poll on voter 
preferences for the European Parliament elections in early June 
were published in the 4 May Lisbon weekly SEMANARIO. The poll 
was conducted between 30 April and 3 May among 500 individuals 
residing in continental Portugal and had a margin of error of 
plus or minus 4.5 percent. The Socialist Party (PS) was chosen 
by 32.0 percent of the respondents, up from 27.5 percent in 
March, followed by the governing Social Democratic Party (PSD) 
with 27.1 percent (up from 24.0 percent), the Communist Party 
(PCP) with 8.6 percent (down from 10.3 percent), and the Center 
Social Democratic Party (CDS) with 8.0 percent, almost double 
its 4.5 percent March score. The undecided vote was 22.3 
percent, down from 33.6 percent in March. 
<H5>  Parties' Popularity </H5>
  The 30 April Lisbon weekly EXPRESSO published the results of 
an EXPRESSO/EUROEXPANSAO telephone party preference poll 
conducted on 26-27 April among 435 regularly participating 
individuals residing in continental Portugal and had margin of 
error of plus or minus 4.7 percent. Results showed the PSD 
preferred by 35.3 percent of respondents, up 1.2 percent since 
March. The PS gathered 34.6 percent, down 3.3 percent since 
March, the PCP obtained 5.6 percent, up 0.3 percent since March, 
and the CDS was chosen by 5.2 percent of respondents, up 0.6 
percent. The rate of undecided voters was 16.3 percent and the 
rate of abstention 7.8 percent. 
<H5>  Presidential Preference </H5>
  The 28 April Lisbon weekly VISAO published the results of a 
VISAO/Marktest telephone poll conducted between 12 and 30 March 
among 812 individuals residing in the Greater Lisbon and Greater 
Porto areas. The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 3.4 
percent. Respondents were asked their preference for president 
of the Republic. Former President Ramalho Eanes came first with 
16.6 percent, followed by Prime Minister Cavaco Silva with 9.6 
percent, and Lisbon Mayor and PS official Jorge Sampaio with 9.0 
percent. Lower scores were received by former CDS luminary and 
Eurodeputy Lucas Pires (4.6 percent), Porto Mayor Fernando Gomes 
(4.4 percent), PS leader Antonio Guterres (4.1 percent), Eurico 
de Melo, present head of the PSD Euroelections list (3.3 
percent), former Prime Minister and press magnate Francisco 
Pinto Balsemao (2.0 percent), and former CDS leader Diogo 
Freitas do Amaral (1.4 percent). Results showed that the largest 
bloc of voters were undecided, with 36.3 percent of the 
respondents stating they still did not know what their choice 
would be. 

