BFN 

  [Text] Hanoi VNA April 20 -- Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet 
received here this afternoon newly-accredited ambassador of 
Israel to Vietnam Mr. David Matnai. 
  Speaking to his guest, Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet expressed 
his admiration at the Israel people who has brought their 
economy to the modern level in some fields and said that 
although the diplomatic relation between the two countries was 
newly established, Vietnam and Israel have already got the basis 
of mutual confidence to promote the cooperation. He said he 
hoped that the relations would be further expanded in many 
fields, especially in trade, industry, agriculture, public 
health and that is not only the cooperation of mutual benefits 
but also the mutual assistance so as to develop together for the 
prosperity of each country. 
  For his part, Ambassador David Matnai expressed his honour 
to 
be the first Israeli ambassador to Vietnam and pledged that he 
would do his best to make contributions to development of the 
friendship and cooperation between Vietnam and Israel. 
  The Israeli ambassador stressed that for a long time, the 
leadership of the Israeli Government has paid much attention to 
the development of the friendship and cooperation with Vietnam. 
He wished to develop the friendship cooperation and assistance, 
first of all, in the fields of industry, agriculture, public 
health, and even the transfer of know-how and expert exchanges. 
  On this occasion, prime minister asked the ambassador to 
convey his best regards to Israeli leaders. 

