Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] [Announcer] Europe wants to organize the fight 
against the Mafia. French and Italian judges are meeting near 
Aix-en-Provence today to assess the infiltration of the Mafia in 
the southeast of France. More details from Michelle Fine and 
Pascal Pons: 
  [Fine] Even though his report stimulated the measures 
announced by the justice minister, Judge Thierry Jean-Pierre was 
the only absentee from this meeting of 30 or so French and 
Italian judges, where the minister announced these three 
measures to toughen the fight against the Mafia. 
  [Begin Justice Minister Pierre Mehaignerie recording] 
Organized crime does not respect borders, therefore justice will 
not stop at borders. This is why the three decisions following 
the contacts we intend to establish in coming weeks are, first, 
to set up a central intelligence network to support -- this is 
the second decision -- special courts to deal with all forms of 
organized crime. The third issue, stressed by our Italian 
friends, is that organized crime is not only made up of obvious 
violent actions, but also of moneylaundering, of entering French 
territory to seek refuge from Italian justice. In the coming 
weeks, we will adopt additional laws to combat all forms of 
money laundering. [end recording] 
  [Fine] Many more meetings between French and Italian judges 
and several months' work will be needed before the measures 
announced this evening can be implemented. 

