Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, 21 Feb (XINHUA) -- The Legislative Affairs 
Commission under the Standing Committee of the National People's 
Congress [NPC], the Ministry of State Security, and FAZHI RIBAO 
[Legal System Daily] held a joint forum today to mark the first 
anniversary of the promulgation of the "State Security Law of 
the People's Republic of China." 
  Hu Kansheng, vice chairman of the Legislative Affairs 
Commission under the NPC Standing Committee, presided over the 
forum. Those who spoke at the forum included Jia Chunwang, 
minister of state security; Zou Yu, director of the China Law 
Society; Wang Shuwen, vice chairman of the NPC Law Committee; 
and Wang Shengjun, deputy secretary general of the Central 
Commission on Politics and Law. 
  They stressed that the "State Security Law" adopted at the 
30th meeting of the Standing Committee of the Seventh NPC on 22 
February 1993 has not only provided a forceful legal weapon for 
state security organs to prevent and stop all kinds of 
lawbreaking and criminal acts that endanger state security, but 
also fully reflected the strong desire of the people in the 
nation for persisting in "carrying out the policy of promoting 
the reform and opening drive with one hand and cracking down on 
severe crimes with the other" and in "toughly implementing the 
two-handed policy," thus forming a legal basis for all levels of 
party and government organizations to mobilize the masses to 
jointly maintain state security. Although this law was 
promulgated only a short time ago, its implementation has 
achieved initial results. The law has won the universal support 
of the broad mass of the people and has played a more and more 
obvious role in the practical work of defending state security 
and maintaining social stability. This demonstrates that the 
formulation of the "State Security Law" in China is quite 
necessary. 
  Participants at the meeting pointed out the long-term work 
of 
implementing and enforcing the "State Security Law" and called 
for perseverance in doing a good job of implementing it. They 
spoke of the need for all levels of party committees, people's 
congresses, governments, and units involved in foreign affairs 
work to continuously and extensively study, publicize, and 
implement the "State Security Law"; to enable the masses to 
better understand the important significance of the relevant 
stipulations in this law, to enhance their consciousness of 
state security, to help them firmly establish the concept of 
"it's everyone's responsibility to protect national security," 
to urge them to closely coordinate with state security organs 
and relevant departments to prevent and stop criminal acts that 
jeopardize state security, and to ensure the smooth progress of 
reform, opening up, and economic construction. 

