Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Wuhan, February 6 (XINHUA) -- Wudang Mountain, a 
well-known sacred site for Taoism, one of the predominant 
religions in ancient China, has become an ideal place of 
investment for more and more investors, especially those from 
overseas. 
  Situated in northwestern Hubei Province and on the southern 
bank of the Hanjiang River, the mountain is famous for its many 
historical associations, beautiful scenery, rich popular 
legends, unsophisticated local customs and rich reserves of 
medicinal herbs, as well as martial arts and Taoist music. 
  According to local officials, the Wudang Mountain area has 
signed more than 40 letters of intent for the establishment of 
foreign-funded enterprises, five of which are under construction. 
  As the local government has made painstaking efforts to 
upgrade transport and telecommunications links to the outside 
world, Wudang Mountain has also become a popular tourist 
attraction. 
  Wudang Mountain receives at least one million domestic and 
overseas tourists a year. So far, tourists from more than 50 
countries and regions have visited the area. 
  Construction of several large tourism projects, including a 
"Water Amusement World on the Jianhe River" and a passenger 
cableway, has started in Wudang Mountain, with the purpose of 
further improving the environment for tourism. 
  Local officials added that they are presently working hard 
to 
list Wudang Mountain as one of the world's famous cultural 
heritages and historical towns. 

