Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The Honorable Minister of Foreign Affairs Mr. Molapo 
Qhobela yesterday met the two warring factions of the armed 
forces in the presence of the major general of the forces [word 
indistinct]. When the meeting ended in the afternoon, it was 
believed that peace would again reign, but unfortunately this 
morning the situation became tense. 
  In his statement the prime minister, Right Honorable Dr. 
Ntsu 
Mokhehle, informed the nation that the government is taking all 
necessary so steps that the two factions should cease the 
hostilities. Dr. Mokhehle appealed to the people living in the 
areas where fighting is continuing around Maseru to stay in 
their homes to avoid possible stray bullets. He said under the 
present situation the public is urged to be patient and keep 
peace and stability in the country. 
  The prime minister appealed to the members of the army, who 
are in the district and outside Maseru, to stay where they are 
to avoid the confusion that is prevailing among the army. 
  From 6 o'clock [0400 GMT] this morning fighting between two 
factions of the Lesotho armed forces has intensified. People 
living around NTTC [expansion not known] and St. Joseph's areas 
reported that the [name indistinct] mountain is full of soldiers 
who continue to shoot. Unofficial reports also pointed out that 
two soldiers have been killed and one person was hit by a stray 
bullet, whole some property has been destroyed. 

