BFN 

  [Text] Taipei, May 14 (CNA) -- Lin Yi-fu, deputy 
director-general of the Board of Foreign Trade, said Saturday 
[14 May] that the government will forge ahead with its economic 
and trade liberalization policies despite their negative impact 
on the economy. 
  "It is unnecessary to worry about the negative effects," Lin 
said prior to his departure for a series of Asia-Pacific 
Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum meetings slated for May 16-20 
in Bali, Indonesia. 
  Some people here have voiced objections to joining 
international trade organizations, saying Taiwan cannot afford 
the cost of opening its market further. 
  Taiwan, an APEC member, applied to join the Geneva-based 
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) in 1990 and is 
expected to be admitted by the end of this year. 
  "By joining the international body, we'll have to open our 
market wider... While that may lead to greater competition 
pressure on local firms, import prices will be lower and the 
competitive edge of Taiwan products will be enhanced," Lin said. 
As an export-oriented country, Taiwan will benefit from GATT 
membership, he said. 
  Lin is the head of the Taiwan delegation, which is comprised 
of more than 10 officials from the ministries of economic 
affairs, foreign affairs, and finance, as well as the 
Environmental Protection Administration, Council of Agriculture, 
and the Directorate General of Customs. 
  The group will attend an investment trade committee meeting 
May 16-17 and the senior officials meeting May 18-20. 
  Lin will present a report on the Asia-Pacific's economic 
outlook for 1994 during the senior officials meeting. 

