BFN 

  [Text] Russian Defense Minister Pavel Grachev proposed to 
Georgian leader Eduard Shevardnadze that the peacekeeping 
operation in the zone of the Georgian-Abkhazian conflict be 
started in five or six days, a participant in the talks between 
Shevardnadze and Grachev in Tbilisi on Friday told Interfax. 
The same source said that Shevardnadze had agreed. 
  During its first stage the peacekeeping operation is 
expected 
to be implemented by the 345th landing regiment, stationed in 
Gudauta (Abkhazia). After the Russian Federation Council adopts 
a decision on the introduction of Russian peacekeepers to the 
zone of the Georgian-Abkhazian conflict, three more battalions 
formed on the basis of the Russian divisions stationed in the 
Leningrad and Privolzhskiy military districts, will be brought 
to the region. 
  Today Grachev arrived in Gudauta where he is now having a 
meeting with Abkhazian leader Vladislav Ardzinba. Grachev 
intends to discuss the peacekeeping operation in the zone of the 
Georgian- Abkhazian conflict and the issue on the presence of 
the 345th landing regiment in Abkhazia, Interfax learned from 
sources close to the Russian defense minister. 
  An Interfax correspondent in Abkhazia said that Commander of 
the Russian Airborne Troops, Colonel-General Yevgeniy Podkolzin 
had earlier arrived in Gudauta. 
  About 1,500 Russian "blue helmets" are expected to be 
brought 
to the zone of the Georgian-Abkhazian conflict. 

