BFN 

  [Text] Certain politicians link the creation of the new 
political party, Russia's Democratic Choice, with the 
forthcoming campaign for the presidential elections. But, 
according to its leader, Yegor Gaydar, the purpose of the new 
party's program is to make sensible changes to life in Russia. 
  [Begin Gaydar recording] I founded this party to promote a 
worthy future for Russia, to prevent dangerous, totalitarian 
experiments, to prevent our country being drawn once more into a 
debilitating arms race or military adventures. Russia's 
Democratic Choice regards itself as the successor to the 
democratic movement -- one which strives to get rid of the many 
weaknesses in this movement, its lack of cohesion and 
organization, the endless internal arguments, instead of serious 
propaganda work and constant, convincing explanation of the 
truth about what is taking place in Russia to our electorate. 
  This is a party which strives to draw support from the 
calmest, worthiest and most sensible section of the Russian 
public, from those who are prepared to listen to sensible 
arguments, from those who are endowed with commonsense, from 
those who realize that our country will not get any stronger or 
become rich as a result of large-scale military expenditure, 
that serious military reform is acutely needed in our country, 
that armed forces' manpower needs to be cut, that conscription 
needs to be reduced -- while ensuring that the army has better 
equipment and supplies, that its weapons are modernized, that it 
is turned into a really combat-ready, mobile force. 
  It is the party of those who are convinced that pointless, 
large-scale subvention of inefficient enterprises will only 
perpetuate their backwardness, that such subsidies are only 
needed by those who would like to hold on to their directors' 
chairs. It is the party of those who believe that we need 
serious agrarian reform, without which our rural economy will 
never be efficient, that such reform is possible and essential. 
  It is the party of those who do not want imperialist 
adventures, who do not see Russia's greatness in the 
establishment of empire but in its citizens' well-being, of 
those who believe that our strength resides not so much in force 
of arms but in the great potential of our people, of those who 
agree with our policy priorities -- freedom, property and the 
law. 
  We very much hope that we will be able to have, as allies, 
the intelligentsia, entrepreneurs, skilled workers and that 
section of the peasantry which really wishes to work 
independently on the land -- all those who are capable of using 
their own hands to make their life richer, securer and calmer, 
who want to do this. [end recording] 

