Language: <F P=105> Japanese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From NIHON KEIZAI SHIMBUN 12 February Evening Edition] </F>
  [Text] At a 12 February news conference, Hiroshi Kumagai, 
minister of international trade and industry, commented on the 
Japan-U.S. economic framework talks, on which the two countries 
have failed to reach an agreement. He indicated his view that 
the talks should be taken back to the drawing board and 
negotiations should be started afresh, saying: "The two 
governments should go back to the point of last July when an 
agreement was reached on the framework (of the economic 
consultations), and then they should make a fresh start." 
Kumagai also stated: "It has now become clear that there is a 
difference between Japan and the United States over 
interpretation of the framework." Thus, he indicated that the 
main cause of the failure of the two countries to reach an 
accord lay in a difference between the both sides over 
interpretation of objective criteria. Then, Kumagai criticized 
the U.S. stance of sticking to its result-oriented policy in the 
negotiations as it has done before, saying: "We would like the 
U.S. Government to consider the fact that (after last July when 
the agreement was reached on the framework on the economic 
talks,) the Hosokawa administration was established under the 
slogan of promoting deregulation." Moreover, with regard to 
relations between Japan and the United States, Kumagai pointed 
out: "The mature relationship means that both sides can clarify 
their differences. Japan and the United States have to try to 
establish such a relationship." 

