BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed report: "Terrorists Are Planning Revenge"] </F>
  [Text] Combatants of the Islamic resistance movement 
Hezbollah (party of God), in cooperation with top terrorists, 
are preparing attacks against Israeli targets abroad. In this 
context, they are also planning to operate on German soil. 
According to Arab intelligence services, a close collaborator 
of legendary terrorist Carlos has left his hideout in Iran and 
arrived in Beirut to prepare some operations. In the Lebanese 
capital, Carlos' aide discussed with the the Iranian Hezbollah 
chief coordinator for operations abroad establishing terrorist 
cells that will also be active in the Federal Republic. The 
members of such cells will, above all, be recruited from the 
Islamistic movement in Tunisia. The ill-famed terrorist 
organization of Abu Nidal has channeled four combatants with 
forged travel documents from Beirut via Cyprus to Germany. The 
planned terrorist operations are intended as revenge for the 
kidnapping of Islamic activist Mustafa al-Dirani. The chief of 
the "Faithful Resistance" group was kidnapped by Israeli special 
units from Lebanon last month. In this way, the Israelis wanted 
to obtain information on the fate of the Israeli military pilot 
Ron Arad who, according to information obtained by the Israelis, 
had fallen into the hands of al-Dirani combatants. While 
security for Israeli facilities abroad has been stepped up, 
Jerusalem has increased the military fight against Islamic 
extremists. At least 25 people were killed in an air raid on 
Hezbollah positions in Lebanon on 2 Jun. The Hezbollah fighters 
struck back by launching missile attacks against northern Israel. 

