BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Giuseppe Tatarella, Italian National </F>
Alliance lower house floor leader, by Giovanni Valentini; place 
and date not given: "Fascists? No Longer: The Voters Said So" 
-- first paragraph is LA REPUBBLICA introduction] 
  [Text] Rome -- Giuseppe Tatarella, the MSI's [Italian 
Social Movement] lower house floor leader, is a candidate for 
the deputy premiership and will in any case lead the AN 
[National Alliance] delegation to the government. Even if the 
"antifascist veto" comes into effect against ministers 
originating from the MSI, an exception will probably be made in 
his case. So at present Tatarella is a key person to talk to to 
discover the intentions of the far Right. 
  [Valentini] You say that the fascist chapter is closed. But 
when was it closed? And how? 
  [Tatarella] In reply, I would draw your attention to two 
events. The first is the vote -- which even we did not expect 
-- for [AN leader] Fini in the Rome municipal elections: With 
46.9 percent of the votes, half the voters showed that they 
wanted a different kind of political representation and a new 
figure. The other event was the tribute paid by Fini at the 
Fosse Ardeatine [site of Nazi retaliation slaughter], 
immediately after the local elections. This means that the 
National Alliance was created from the bottom up, rather than in 
the laboratory. 
  [Valentini] Nevertheless, many people object that this 
turnabout is still too recent to be credible. 
  [Tatarella] Actually this process started a long time ago. 
Between the late fifties and early sixties, when the MSI was a 
national socialist force, Young Italy was formed, already 
prefiguring the present form of the AN. That organization 
brought together youngsters of differing backgrounds, 
originating from two main tendencies -- one Catholic, the other 
nonconfessional and pro- Risorgimento. This minority outlook, 
which transcended the conflict between fascism and antifascism, 
has always been a constant factor in our internal debate. 
  [Valentini] Yes, but the debate did not make much progress 
after that.... 
  [Tatarella] That was not our fault. What prevented the 
debate from developing was the veto against the MSI. And our 
only option remained entrenchment. Other people were to blame. 
  [Valentini] What has changed now? 
  [Tatarella] With the demise of the DC [Christian Democratic 
Party]-PCI [Italian Communist Party] polarization and the 
introduction of a first-past-the-post system, our internal 
debate -- hitherto confined for the sake of self-preservation -- 
has now exploded; and the voters have supported the creation of 
a modern and moderate Right at the European level. It is no 
coincidence that the working class vote went to so many 
representatives of both tendencies -- the Catholic and the 
pro-Risorgimento, people who never had any connection with 
fascism, and who have none now. 
  [Valentini] What about the old MSI? 
  [Tatarella] At the latest meeting of its Central Committee, 
the final document, approved unanimously, stresses the concept 
of freedom and democracy. We face a twofold challenge, with 
respect both to ourselves and to others: to remain loyal to 
these principles and to be assessed on the basis of what we will 
do. 
  [Valentini] The Damocletian sword of the "antifascist veto" 
still hangs over the next government. If it remains, how could 
you become deputy prime minister? 
  [Tatarella] I am not aware of any such vetoes against us. Be 
that as it may, I will be the head of the delegation to the 
government. That is, I will have the honor and task of 
representing Fini's National Alliance. And a delegation implies 
the presence of several politicians: The delegation will be 
composed of both components that comprised the AN and the 
MSI-National Right, constitutionally legitimized by the voters. 
  [Valentini] Will it be a center government, as Berlusconi 
says, or a center-Right government, as Fini says? 
  [Tatarella] It will be a government of the center and the 
Right. It is not the government's duty to determine electoral 
areas, but quite the reverse. In Italy, as in France, we will 
have two groupings -- one of the Right and one of the center -- 
that join together as an alternative to the left-wing forces. 
  [Valentini] Nevertheless, the reservations and uncertainties 
remain abroad: In America Franco Modigliani, winner of the 
Nobel Prize for economics, says that he fears "the fascists' 
return to power." How do you answer that? 
  [Tatarella] I would answer the illustrious Professor 
Modigliani by saying, first, that, irrespective of anything 
else, a withdrawal into exile is inadvisable, because the 
encounter must take place on the field, not on the sidelines. 
Furthermore, I am willing to cite the statements by 
authoritative representatives of European culture and politics 
who are waiting to see, before they form an assessment -- from 
French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe to the political scientist, 
Alain Touraine, and the historian, Jacques Le Goff. 
  [Valentini] And what do you intend to do to reassure the 
public abroad? 
  [Tatarella] We will tour the American, British, and French 
universities, starting with the Modigliani university, to talk 
with teachers and students, to make ourselves known, and to 
explain that the anomalous situation in Italy has ended and that 
the picture in Europe is settling down; in other words, here too 
there is a democratic Right. 
  [Valentini] People still called you former fascists, 
postfascists, neofascists. With which of these descriptions do 
you identify most? 
  [Tatarella] With none of them. I identify with that which I 
have used of myself for the past 20 years: For better or worse, 
I am a right-winger. 

