BFN 

  [Text] Cairo, 4 May (MENA)--Dr. Nabil Sha'th, political 
adviser to Palestinian President Yasir 'Arafat and head of the 
Palestinian negotiating team, said that the two sides were still 
discussing Jericho's map up until the signing of the agreement 
today. 
  Speaking to journalists following the signing ceremony, 
Sha'th said the two sides had no time to review the entire 
agreement because the negotiations continued until 1100 this 
morning. 
  Sha'th pointed out that during the signing ceremony 
Palestinian president Yasir 'Arafat requested a pledge from the 
Israeli side that the Jericho map appended to the agreement not 
be the final map. He stated this in a document appended to the 
agreement. 
  Sha'th revealed that President Husni Mubarak and others at 
the ceremony promised that the document would be appended to the 
agreement. The document, which states: "Jericho's area is not 
final and is still the subject of negotiations between the two 
sides," was signed by president 'Arafat and Israeli Prime 
Minister Yitzhaq Rabin. 
  Dr. Sha'th said that 2,000 detainees will be released 
tomorrow, Thursday, and that more will be freed over the next 
three weeks. He added that one of the important aspects of the 
agreement is the understanding reached concerning the return of 
Palestinians from abroad. 

