Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, January 5 (KCNA) -- 1993 was a fruitful 
year which saw noteworthy achievements in the construction of 
the capital city in Korea. 
  30,000 flats each with a floor space of 90 to 120 square 
metres and with a total plottage of 14.8 million square metres 
were built and some 40 schools, nurseries and kindergartens and 
about 20 public service facilities with a total plottage of 
182,000 square metres made their appearance in Pyongyang last 
year. 
  The three-revolution exhibition and some 40 other monumental 
edifices with a total floor space of 777,000 square metres were 
built, changing the looks of the capital city. 
  These splendid edifices of eternal value are great creations 
of the spirit of devoted service to the people displayed by the 
Workers' Party of Korea which regards the improvement of the 
people's living standard as the supreme principle of its 
activity. 
  The dear leader Comrade Kim Chong-il initiated the 
construction projects in the capital and took all necessary 
measures to successfully carry them out. 
  He organised a strong construction force and indicated the 
direction and ways of construction. 
  He acquainted himself with the progress of the construction 
in each stage, solved knotty problems in time and guided the 
construction on the spot several times. 
  Even when a touch-and-go situation was created by the 
imperialists' moves to unleash a nuclear war, he wisely took 
measures time and again to push ahead with the construction of 
the capital. 
  Greatly encouraged by this, the builders carried out in a 
year the vast construction which would have taken more than ten 
years at an ordinary pace. 

