BFN 

  [Text] The House of Representatives overwhelmingly 
approved a bill Thursday [23 June] to reduce the current 6.5 to 
1 disparity in the weight of a vote in various House of 
Councillors constituencies to 5 to 1. 
  The House of Councillors approved the bill Wednesday. 
  The amendment bill cleared the lower chamber's plenary 
session with the backing of almost all political parties and 
parliamentary groups except the Japanese Communist Party. 
  An upper house poll in the summer of 1995 will be held under 
the new electoral system. 
  The bill adds one seat to each of four underrepresented 
upper 
chamber constituencies in Miyagi, Saitama, Kanagawa and Gifu 
prefectures, while taking away two seats from the 
overrepresented Hokkaido electorate and one each from the 
prefectures of Hyogo and Fukuoka, legislators said. 
  The bill alleviates the current situation under which some 
relatively sparsely populated constituencies have more 
representation in the upper house than more densely populated 
constituencies, mainly in or near urban areas. 
  The amendment was submitted after a 1993 Osaka High Court 
ruling that the current maximum disparity of 6.48 to 1 violates 
the constitutional principle of equality for all under the law, 
the legislators said. 
  The amendment would reduce the maximum disparity to 4.81 to 
1, they said. 
  The bill was initially introduced in the upper chamber under 
the cosponsorship of the Liberal Democratic Party, the Social 
Democratic Party [of Japan], Komeito [Clean Government Party], 
the Niin Club and the Shin Ryokufu Kai -- a parliamentary group 
comprising the Democratic Socialist Party, the Japan New Party, 
Shinseito [Japan Renewal Party] and the Democratic Reform Party. 
  Goken Liberal No Kai, a five-legislator group of the upper 
chamber, balked at the bill, saying it is not enough to 
accomplish fairness in voting power. 

