BFN 

  [Text] A televised debate between Prime Minister Adolfas 
Slezevicius and Vytautas Landsbergis, leader of the Homeland 
Union, was held yesterday. 
  During the debate, the leader of the right-wing opposition 
claimed that a privatization by the nomenclature is taking place 
in Lithuania with former leaders purchasing property at a half 
its true price. Therefore a draft law on the indexation of 
savings, proposed by the Homeland Union, is, above all, a means 
of combating organized crime and corruption by officials. 
  Adolfas Slezevicius, prime minister and leader of the 
governing Democratic Labor Party, rejected what he described as 
unfounded accusations and claimed that such problems have 
existed through all stages of privatization. In the prime 
minister's opinion, accusations about privatization by the 
nomenclature are only an element in the class struggle. 
  The prime minister assessed unfavorably the economic 
consequences of the law on savings compensation initiated by the 
Homeland Union. 
  The issue of increasing personal income was also raised 
during the discussion. According to Vytautas Landsbergis, the 
growth in personal incomes has been maintained by foreign 
credits. Prime Minister Adolfas Slezevicius said at a press 
conference on Thursday that such discussions are useful because 
the parties in the same state must serve the common state and 
not narrow party interests. Therefore, political compromises 
must be sought in political activity. 

