BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by unidentified reporter from Gorazde--recorded] </F>
  [Excerpts] We are in twelfth hour since the expiration of 
the NATO ultimatum deadline for the withdrawal of the chetniks 
outside the three-km exclusion zone around Gorazde. That NATO 
can easily forget its ultimatum issued to the Serbs is best 
confirmed by chetnik snipers who killed two women this morning: 
One was killed in the suburb of [name indistinct], and another 
one was killed on the bridge over the Drina River in the central 
part of the town. According to details available to us at the 
moment, they have also wounded 15 people. [passage omitted] 
  The latest reports from the region of Kopaci say that an 
armored personnel carrier arrived in the suburb of (?Kokino 
Selo) bringing in fascists who are systematically setting fire 
to houses in the suburb and laying antipersonnel mines. Strong 
explosions are reverberating in the region of Pobjeda 
enterprise: plants belonging to this industrial complex are 
being destroyed. When this report was filed we heard from 
Pobjeda enterprise that chetnik shells completely devastated the 
only (?auxiliary) water supply system with nonpotable water, 
though it has been used as drinking water for the past two 
years. Now the population can use only several freshwater 
sources in the central part of the town, but they are under 
constant sniper fire coming from the other bank of the Drina 
River. [passage omitted] 

