BFN 

  [Text] James Franklin Collins, The U.S. Secretary of State 
Warren Christopher's assistant and chief coordinator of 
relations with the newly-created independent states [name and 
title as received], arrived in Tbilisi today. At the airport he 
was met by Kent Brown, the U.S. ambassador in Georgia, Georgian 
Foreign Minister Aleksandre Chikvaidze, and other officials. 
  [Begin Collins recording, in English with superimposed 
Georgian translation] I have arrived in Tbilisi to speak to 
Eduard Shevardnadze, the Georgian head of state, and assure him 
of our support. I also want to make my own contribution to the 
settlement of the Abkhazian conflict. I am sure that Eduard 
Shevardnadze feels this support and he makes all efforts to 
reach a political [word indistinct] and further economic 
development. [end recording] 
  [Unidentified correspondent] Later, the U.S. delegation had 
a 
meeting with the Georgian foreign minister during which the 
parties spoke about the current difficult political and economic 
situation in Georgia, humanitarian aid for Georgia, and the 
Abkhazian issue. 
  [Begin Chikvaidze recording] The current situation and 
circumstances in Abkhazia were still the chief issue at the 
meeting. They have eagerly demonstrated their viewpoint on this 
issue. They want to provide maximum help to Georgia. There is 
no second thought about the preservation of Georgia's 
territorial integrity. They wanted to know if any progress was 
observed in the issue of Abkhazia's political status. I 
revealed our position to them. As for the latest talks about an 
incredible formula of an ostensible alliance of two countries, 
Abkhazia and Georgia, we rule this out categorically. I have 
told them that the only thing we could consent to was what 
Abkhazia had had before, an autonomous republic and Georgians 
and Abkhazians living side by side as they used to, and we will 
not go beyond this. [end recording] 

