BFN 

<F P=106> [Article by "kht": "For Cooperation in the Interest of </F>
Citizens"] 
  [Excerpts] Kosice--The constituent assembly of the Union of 
Slovak Cities [Unie slovenskych miest], which has been initiated 
by the Club of Mayors of Slovakia, was held in Kosice yesterday. 
Its founding members are Nove Mesto nad Vahom, Spisska Nova Ves, 
Nova Dubnica, Kezmarok, Levoca, Kosice, Pezinok, Rajec, Stary 
Smokovec, Trencianske Teplice, and Banska Bystrica. 
Representatives of another nine cities participated in the 
assembly as observers. 
  The reason for the union's founding is [a search for] 
decentralization of state power in Slovakia through the 
strengthening of local self-administration and the creation of 
regional self-administration. The union sets itself as its main 
targets the approval of a law on the territorial and 
administrative division of the Slovak Republic on the basis of 
counties [zupny princip]; cooperation between the city, the 
county, and the state for the citizen's benefit; the enforcement 
of economic and financial independence of self-administrative 
bodies; cooperation with citizens in the development of the 
region; and mutual cooperation among cities in tackling their 
common problems. [passage omitted] The twelve mayors of the 
founding cities of the union and their statutory representatives 
elected Rudolf Bauer, mayor of Kosice, as president of the 
union. Engineer Stanislav Mika and Engineer Milan Hort became 
vice presidents. [passage omitted] 
  [Bratislava PRAVDA in Slovak on 30 April on page 2, under 
the 
headline "They Want Division Into Counties," carries a 200-word 
"rm"-signed report on the above assembly. The report notes that 
"surprisingly, Bratislava is not represented among the founding 
members because deputies to the City Council still have not 
approved the capital's entry into the union."] 

