BFN 

  [Text] The Foreign Ministry summoned at noon today the 
ambassadors of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Sultanate of 
Oman, and the United Arab Emirates, as well as the Kuwaiti 
charge d'affaires, and handed them memorandums protesting the 
content of the final statement issued at the end of the 51st 
session of the Ministerial Council of the Gulf Cooperation 
Council [GCC] on the Republic of Yemen. 
  The memorandums say that the Government of the Republic of 
Yemen views the statement as interference in our country's 
domestic affairs and as hostility to Yemen's unity, which was 
established peacefully and by the free will of the people 
throughout the Yemeni homeland on 22 May 1990, as reflected by 
the general popular referendum on the Yemeni Constitution on 16 
May 1991 and as reinforced by the free and fair parliamentary 
elections on 27 April 1993. Therefore, no person or persons can 
be allowed to impose any form of division, fragmentation, or 
cutting off of any part of the country to establish a state on 
it whenever a declaration or a decision conflicting with the 
Constitution and the law is issued. 
  These memorandums point to our government's regret about 
these positions and statements by fraternal and neighboring 
states, which contributed to the adoption of Security Council 
Resolution No. 924, and state that such positions and statements 
will hamper the implementation of the resolution. Copies of 
these memorandums were sent to the Arab League secretary general 
and the UN secretary general. 
  An official source has stated that this position taken by 
five GCC member states will encourage the remnants that have 
rebelled against the constitutional legitimacy to refuse to 
comply with the cease-fire resolution. 

