Language: <F P=105> Lithuanian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] At today's press conference in the Seimas, the 
chairman of the Lithuanian Democratic Labor Party faction, 
Justinas Karosas, who has been reelected in his post, and other 
members of the ruling party faction were telling about closed 
meetings which examined the faction's work. According to 
Justinas Karosas, it is possible to state that the Lithuanian 
Democratic Labor Party had succeeded in realizing a consistent 
political orientation. Some social democratic programs have not 
been implemented. 
  According the leader of the faction, the maneuvering by the 
Lithuanian Democratic Labor Party between liberalism and social 
democracy is adequate. Speaking of the problems of work by the 
party, Justinas Karosas mentioned lack of coordination of 
actions. Therefore it has been decided to form working groups of 
the representatives of the faction, the president's office and 
the government which will coordinate the reception of foreign 
guests. Justinas Karosas accentuated that the matter concerns 
only legislation and there are no attempts to influence all 
actions by the government. 
  Amendments to the faction's statute have been discussed at 
the meetings. This document will deal more in detail not only 
with the formation of the faction but also of the whole Seimas 
leadership. 

