BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed commentary] </F>
  [Text] Dear citizens, faithful sons of our people: The 
idiots and reckless leaders of the forces of apostasy and 
secession in the Yemeni Socialist Party [YSP] have ignited the 
fires of this fierce war out of their yearning for blood because 
they were raised on shedding blood. However, when your valiant 
Armed Forces, the soldiers of the homeland and the revolution, 
and the protectors of unity and legitimacy, began to confront 
them, they were the first to escape and the first to be defeated 
on the fields of honor and in the arenas of legitimate and 
sacred defense of the homeland's achievements and the crown of 
unity, which is shining over the homeland's heads in pride and 
glory. 
  Yes, the cowards of the party and shedders of blood, the 
followers of 'Ali Salim al-Bid and murderer Haytham Qasim Tahir, 
have fled. They are addicted to the smell of gunpowder and the 
sound of gunfire, and are used to fleeing and retreating in 
front of the good forces, the protectors of our homeland, and 
its valiant heroes in the heroic Armed Forces and in its 
brigades, which are deployed all over the beloved homeland to 
protect the most precious achievements of the homeland and to 
give to the constitutional legitimacy and the Yemeni masses' 
options the right to survival, steadfastness, and existence. 
  Since the evil gang in the YSP and the clique of apostasy 
and 
partition is entirely wrong, the sons of our Armed Forces have 
not relented and will never relent to confront this gang's evil 
schemes. Here are the troops of our one army, which this gang 
sought to throw into a losing battle against the legitimacy, are 
joining the ranks of this legitimacy one group after another in 
order to join the ranks of right and the trenches of the sacred 
duty of defending the achievements of the people against the 
plans that are backed by filthy money to sabotage and destroy 
the homeland. 

