Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "National Newscast"] </F>
  [Text] Demetrio Limoniel Chavez, alias El Vaticano, the 
Peruvian version of Pablo Escobar, was arrested this morning in 
Cali. El Vaticano was accompanied by Juan Carlos Orejuela, a 
Colombian who has been accused of using illegal means to build 
his fortune. Chavez and Orejuela will be transferred in the 
next hours to Santa Fe de Bogota. Here is a report by Ximena 
Cardoza: 
  [Begin Cardoza recording] Demetrio Limoniel Chavez 
Penaherrera, alias El Vaticano, Peru's leading drug trafficker, 
was arrested in Cali in the early hours of 13 January. The 
arrest took place during a police raid in the neighborhood of 
Los Arrayanes located in northern Cali. At the time of the 
raid, Chavez was accompanied by Colombian capo Juan Carlos 
Orejuela, and had $60,000 in his possession. 
  Currently, an operation by the Cali police investigative 
team 
is under way to transfer Chavez to Santa Fe de Bogota. The 
police have denied access to the media and await an order from 
the Prosecutor General's Office to transfer Chavez to the Marco 
Fidel Suarez Air Force Base. Seemingly, Chavez was imprisoned 
in Peru, but was released for unknown reasons. Chavez has been 
turned over to the Colombian Prosecutor General's Office. [end 
recording] 

