Language: <F P=105>Korean </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] Mass gymnastics entitled "Great Victory of the 
Rural Theses" were performed by 10,000 youth and students at 
Pyongyang Gymnasium on 2 March, celebrating the 30th anniversary 
of the publication of the theses on our country's socialist 
rural problems. 
  Comrade Kim Il-song, great leader of our party and our 
people, entered the presidential rostrum while welcoming music 
was being played. [passage omitted] 
  The mass gymnastics were seen by Comrade O Chin-u, member of 
the Presidium of the Workers Party of Korea [WPK] Central 
Committee Political Bureau and minister of the People's Armed 
Forces; Comrade Kang Song-san, member of the Political Bureau of 
the WPK Central Committee and premier of the State 
Administration Council [SAC]; Comrades Yi Chong-ok, Pak 
Song-chol, and Kim Yong-chu, members of the Political Bureau of 
the WPK Central Committee and vice premiers; Comrades Kye 
Ung-tae and Han Song-yong, members of the Political Bureau of 
the WPK Central Committee and secretaries of the party Central 
Committee; Comrade So Yun-sok, member of the Political Bureau of 
the WPK Central Committee and responsible secretary of the South 
Pyongan Provincial party Committee as well as chairman of the 
South Pyongan Provincial People's Committee; Comrade Choe 
Tae-pok, candidate member of the WPK Central Committee and 
secretary of the party Central Committee; Comrades Choe Yong-nim 
and Hong Song-nam, candidate members of the Political Bureau of 
the WPK Central Committee and vice premiers of the SAC; Comrade 
Yang Hyong-sop, candidate member of the Political Bureau of the 
WPK Central Committee and chairman of the Supreme People's 
Assembly; Comrade Hong Sok-hyong, candidate member of the 
Political Bureau of the WPK Central Committee and chairman of 
the State Planning Committee; Comrade Yon Hyong-muk, candidate 
member of the Political Bureau of the WPK Central Committee and 
responsible secretary of the Chagang Provincial party Committee 
as well as chairman of the Chagang Provincial People's 
Committee; Comrades Kim Chung-nin, So Kwan-hui and Kim Ki-nam, 
secretaries of the WPK Central Committee; Comrades Kim Pok-sin, 
Kim Chang-chu, Kim Yun-Hyok, Kim Hwan and Chang Chol, vice 
premiers of the SAC; Comrade Chon Mun-sop, chairman of the State 
Inspection Commission of the People's Central Committee [CPC]; 
Comrade Yun Ki-pok, chairman of the CPC Economic Policy 
Commission; Comrade Pak Nam-ki, chairman of the Pyongyang 
Municipal Administrative and Economic Committee; Yu Mi-yong, 
chairwoman of the Chondoist Chongu Party Central Committee; 
functionaries of local party, administrative, and economic 
organizations; and participants of the National Agricultural 
Conference. [passage omitted] 

