BFN 

<F P=106> [By correspondent Bian Yanshi (0593 1750 1395)] </F>
  [Excerpt] Beijing, 21 June (XINHUA) -- A series of books 
entitled An Historical Data for the Organization of the 
People's Liberation Army [PLA] of the Communist Party of China 
[CPC] were recently published by the Long March Publishing 
House. The series was compiled by the General Political 
Department of the PLA under the instruction of the CPC Central 
Committee and the Central Military Commission. 
  The series consists of six volumes, covering all the 
historical periods of the party -- Land Reform Struggles, War of 
Resistance Against Japan, Liberation War, Basic Completion of 
Socialist Reform and Beginning of Overall Socialist 
Construction, Cultural Revolution, and New Period of Socialist 
Modernization. The series boasts complete information, accurate 
historic records, scientific compiling styles, and concise use 
of the language. It details leading and working party organs of 
all troops under the PLA, their relationship and reasons for 
organizational changes, lists of key leaders, and party and 
administrative work of key leaders, including terms of their 
service. The series comprehensively and systematically reflects 
the establishment, development, and evolution of the party 
organs in the army, as well as the history of the party's 
efforts to exert absolute control of the army through its 
organizations. [passage omitted] 

