BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article from Brussels EUROPE: "Austria Votes </F>
Massively in Favour of Accession"] 
  [Text] The 12 June referendum on Austria's accession to the 
European Union [EU] had as result a massive "yes" vote -- 66.36 
percent against 33.61 percent of "nos", with a total turnout of 
81.27 percent. Commenting on the result, Jacques Delors said: 
"That the Austrian people, very proud of their history and 
treasures, very proud too of their intellectual movement, of 
what people like Chancellor Kreisky and others were able to do, 
that this people wants to join the European Union, this a 
far-reaching event and demonstrates that the Austrians went to 
the heart of the matter. European construction has as aim to 
extend peace, mutual recognition, as well as making a Europe, 
threatened by decline due to global changes, radiate. The 
Austrians understood all this. It is therefore, I believe, a 
great lesson." 
  In Stockholm, Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt said that 
this clear victory of the "yes" vote was a "positive sign" for 
the referendum on accession planned by Sweden for 13 November, 
and in Finland, Minister for Trade Pertti Salolainen, who said 
he was "amazed" by this "crushing majority," also predicted 
positive effects "for Finland and the other countries" which had 
negotiated their entry into the Union (in Finland, the 
referendum will take place on 16 October). 

