BFN 

  [Text] The political parties began discussing Cyprus 
developments, in light of the Butrus-Ghali report and tomorrow's 
National Council meeting. 
  The Democratic Rally [DISI] political bureau met this 
morning, and the meeting will continue this afternoon. The DISI 
parliamentary caucus will also meet. 
  The political bureau of the AKEL [Restorative Party of the 
Working People] Central Committee also met this morning. The 
Democratic Party [DIKO] political committee will discuss Cyprus 
developments this afternoon. 
  In a statement released after today's meeting of its Central 
Committee's political bureau, AKEL notes that our side must 
immediately become active and systematically work to avert any 
plans to continue the confidence-building measures [CBM's] 
process. The AKEL statement, which was issued a short time ago, 
states that to break the deadlock the UN Security Council must 
implement measures that will bend Turkish intransigence. The 
Security Council must also implement measures to prevent Turkish 
acceptance of a solution based on principles, the UN resolutions 
and the summit agreements, and then a discussion of the 
substance should follow aimed at achieving the framework of an 
overall solution. 
  The AKEL statement adds that convening an international 
conference would be helpful, as well as the proposal for a visit 
to the area by members of the Security Council. The statement 
also notes that even now, despite the UN secretary general's 
affirmation of the Turkish Cypriot intransigence and lack of 
political will, the Security Council will insist on the CBM's as 
a result of systematic efforts by the British and the Americans. 

