BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by UKRINFORM correspondent Yelena Kirichenko -- TASS] </F>
  [Text] Kiev 9 June TASS -- Ukrainian Foreign Minister 
Anatoliy Zlenko and visiting Vietnamese Foreign Minister Nguyen 
Manh Cam signed a package of bilateral agreements on Wednesday 
[8 June]. 
  Among the documents signed are a consular convention between 
Ukraine and Vietnam, inter-governmental agreements on the 
protection of investments, and cultural, academic and scientific 
cooperation. 
  The sides also initialed the agreement on the principles of 
relations and cooperation between Ukraine and Vietnam. 
  Nguyen Manh Cam is accompanying Vietnamese Prime Minister Vo 
Van Kiet on his visit to Ukraine. 
  Earlier today, Vo Van Kiet said that "Vietnam is especially 
interested in developing cooperation with Ukraine, primarily in 
such important spheres as power engineering, transportation, 
chemical industry, light industry and other spheres." 
  During the talks with Acting Ukrainian Prime Minister Yefim 
Zvyahilskyy, Vo Van Kiet said that "the current status of 
bilateral economic relations between Ukraine and Vietnam does 
not correspond to their potential." 
  The Vietnamese premier stressed that "of special importance 
will be Ukraine's participation in the modernisation of plants 
in Vietnam which were built with Ukraine's assistance." He also 
called for establishing joint ventures. 
  Zvyahilskyy expressed the confidence that "the arrival of 
such big delegation, the talks which will take place and the 
planned signing of important bilateral documents will help 
expand and boost Ukrainian-Vietnamese cooperation." 

