Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Editorial: "Frank, Clear Stand in Meeting With Ambassadors"] </F>
  [Text] Yesterday, King Husayn was, as always, clear and 
frank in his meeting with the ambassadors of the five major 
powers. The king briefed them on the pressures and harassments 
to which Jordan has been subjected as a result of the al-'Aqabah 
port siege and the inspection operations of ships bound for the 
port, and the subsequent losses, the harm done to our national 
economy, and the suffering of our merchants and citizens. 
  Taking into consideration the fact that these measures and 
this treatment are confined to Jordan to the exclusion of other 
neighboring states and countries, we realize the extent of the 
contempt in which the major powers and the international 
organizations to which these powers are affiliated are holding 
Jordan. This is an encroachment on our country's sovereignty 
and a denial of its historic role and great responsibilities in 
establishing peace, stability, and progress in the region. 
  Therefore, the king emphasized the need to stop these 
practices and end this completely unacceptable situation and 
deal with Jordan in a new method, preserving its dignity and 
respecting its right and role. 
  In his meeting with the ambassadors, his majesty linked 
Jordan's resumption of its role in the process of just and 
durable peace to this abnormal situation and asserted that the 
resumption of Jordan's responsible role in peace-making is 
contingent on the cessation of these practices and on ceasing 
any acts that harm Jordan's sovereignty, harass and annoy ships 
bound for al-'Aqabah, or harm the trade sector and the Jordanian 
citizens. 
  We have tolerated enough harassment and siege and endured 
unjustifiable inspection operations of ships--an inspection 
which did not produce any violations related to the siege. The 
major powers, the UN Security Council, and the United Nations 
must realize that nations have sovereignty and that they should 
respect this sovereignty rather than become tools of injustice, 
oppression, and enslavement of peoples, and that they should 
abide by their own preaching of respect for people's freedom and 
human rights. 

