Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpt] Elections to bodies of representative power and 
local self-government will take place in 29 regions of Russia 
today, ITAR-TASS reports. The elections will take place, in 
particular, in Krasnoyarsk and Stavropol krays, in Kurgan, 
Bryansk, Vladimir, Voronezh, Rostov, Ryazan, and Samara oblasts. 
  The local authorities in Maritime Kray and Ulyanovsk Oblast 
have decided to postpone the elections there, although the 
Central Electoral Commission scheduled them for 27 March. 
However, ITAR-TASS reports that the failure to keep to the 
schedule does not violate the law. 
  In the Russian Federation, 40 components have already held 
elections to bodies of representative power, and observers 
report that the turnout was low. 
  It seems that a similar picture is being painted today. Our 
correspondent Tamarova Ventsimerova reports on how the elections 
are proceeding in Novosibirsk Oblast. 
  As sociologists thought, by morning the turnout by the 
Novosibirsk electorate was low. According to data from the 
oblast electoral committee, by 1000 local time, just 3.38 
percent of the oblast's electorate had voted. According to the 
city electoral commission, just over 2 percent of the city's 
electorate had voted by that time. 
  There are 202 candidates who have registered for the oblast 
soviet; 49 of them are to be elected. For the city soviet, 103 
candidates have registered; 25 of them will be elected. 
  Our correspondent thinks confusion over the time change 
might 
be one of the many reasons for citizens' lack of interest in the 
elections. Summertime was introduced in Russia at 0200 this 
morning. [passage omitted] 

