Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["U.S. New War Provocation Moves Denounced" -- KCNA headline] </F>
  [Text] Pyongyang, February 5 (KCNA) -- If the United States 
dare provoke a war against the DPRK, not minding the strong 
denunciation at home and abroad, it will suffer a more tragic 
and grave defeat than in the past Korean war, in which it was 
humbled and bruised all over, warns MINJU CHOSON in a commentary 
today. 
  The analyst says: 
  With the insidious intention to unleash a new war in Korea, 
the United States is stepping up arms buildup in and around 
South Korea and engaging itself in military espionage, watching 
for a chance of surprise strike at the DPRK. 
  Military moves and anti-DPRK rows of the U.S. war-thirsty 
quarters that have become all the more undisguised entering the 
new year, make it self-evident that, although the United States 
has run the whole gamut of tricks under the motto of "peace on 
the Korean peninsula" and "peaceful negotiations", they are, in 
essence, intended to gain time for the completion of war 
preparations and it seeks to threaten and stifle the DPRK with 
arms at whatever cost. 
  No military pressure and strong arm can ever work on the 
Korean people who have Comrade Kim Chong-il, an ever-victorious 
iron-willed brilliant commander, as the supreme commander, with 
the leader, the party and the masses united in one mind. 
  Our people who know of the vulnerability of the United 
States 
better than anyone else and has the experience of a fight with 
it for three years regard it not as a "super power" but as a 
bluffing paper tiger. 

