Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Davos January 29 TASS -- Russia is interested in 
developing cooperation with Europe and other countries of the 
world, Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin told a news 
conference in Davos on Saturday [30 January]. 
  Chernomyrdin is in Switzerland to attend the World Economic 
Forum that is in progress here. 
  "We want to work in the world community and want to join the 
European Union. We want G-7 to transform into G-8. We want to 
live and trade on equal terms will all," he said. 
  Chernomyrdin pointed out that Russia is also interested in 
boosting contacts with the Organisation of the Petroleum 
Exporting Countries (OPEC). Speaking about his meeting with 
OPEC Secretary-General Subroto of Indonesia to be held on 
Sunday, the Russian premier stressed that he will "try to 
discuss the whole spectrum of questions concerning oil 
extraction and supplies. I can say already now that Russia will 
not object to the consideration of the question of its joining 
OPEC." 
  in a bid to dispel mounting concerns in the West, following 
recent changes in the Russian government, Chernomyrdin said that 
Russia will not depart from the course of reform. The serious 
work that has begun in the country will be continued, he 
reassured. 
  "Russia will not divert from the path on which its has 
embarked. Russia will not backtrack because market mechanisms 
have already been created. But these mechanisms need to be 
filled with substance. I have already said and I will say it 
again that we will not lead our country to the point of shock... 
But we will not be able to do without therapy either," the 
premier said. 
  Among the main tasks of the government in 1994 Chernomyrdin 
named the continuation of efforts to fight inflation in the 
country. 

