BFN 

  [Text] Kiev, 12 Apr -- As the main center for public 
relations of the Ukrainian Ministry of Internal Affairs has 
reported, the decision by President Meshkov of Crimea to dismiss 
Major General Oleksandr Plyuta, the minister of internal 
affairs, and the appointment of Valeriy Kuznetsov, a former 
military general, in his place, is another step that will 
exacerbate the political situation on the peninsula and 
undermine friendly relations between Russia and Ukraine. 
  "The violation of legal norms on the part of the state 
structures of the autonomous Republic with regard to the 
Ministry of Internal Affairs' leadership and attempts to resolve 
the problem through uncivilized methods are causing tension in 
the militia's activity. All this could lead to adverse 
consequences," the statement from the Ministry of Internal 
Affairs reads. "On the basis of the Ukrainian `Law on the 
Militia' dated 20 December 1990, the militia of our state is a 
single system of organs that are part of the Ministry of 
Internal Affairs structure and are subordinate to it in their 
activities. With the exception of rayon and municipal branches, 
the leadership of internal affairs bodies is appointed 
personally by the minister of internal affairs of Ukraine. 
  "Such cadre changes, therefore, are exclusively of a 
political nature, do not contribute to the strengthening of 
lawfulness in the state, and lead to confrontation in society. 
It is all the more dangerous when it concerns armed formations 
-- subdivisions of the militia which have a duty to protect the 
law, honor, life, and property interests of citizens." 
  The statement stresses: "The abovementioned decrees of the 
Crimean president concerning changes to the leadership of the 
Ministry of Internal Affairs of the autonomous republic should 
be repealed in so far as they do not conform with current 
Ukrainian legislation." 
  The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine has called on 
the 
president, the Supreme Council, the government, the populace, 
and the officials of the internal affairs bodies of the Republic 
of Crimea to show awareness, public consciousness, restraint, 
and respect for the current Constitution of Ukraine. 

