Language: <F P=105> Serbo-Croatian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Russian troops ought to stay in Bosnia-Herzegovina 
within the UN mission and our country has nothing against this, 
Bosnia-Herzegovina Presidency member Ejup Ganic told a special 
correspondent of the Russian newspaper KRASNAYA ZVEZDA today. 
  But the manner in which they arrived and the manifestation 
[as heard] organized on their arrival by Karadzic's Serbs 
irritated the people of our country, he stressed. Ganic 
believes the Russian troops in Sarajevo and Bosnia-Herzegovina 
should be mixed with all other UN forces in our country and not 
only be deployed along the front lines. Their task is to take 
part in safeguarding traffic routes and protecting convoys, in 
administrative work, and so forth. Anything else could bring 
about a situation whereby their impartiality, as members of the 
UN troops, is jeopardized, Ganic believes. 
  Karadzic wanted to present the arrival of the Russian troops 
as his triumph, so the arrival of 400 Russian soldiers was 
announced as a Russian invasion. This is a double game by the 
Pale leadership, which wants to drag Russia and its diplomats 
into a dishonest game and to confront it with the rest of the 
world, Ganic said. Bosnia-Herzegovina's long-term interest is 
in cooperation with Russia, this cannot be just a Serb privilege. 
  We would like to see the commander of the Russian contingent 
at talks with the Bosnia-Herzegovina Presidency. This could 
certainly contribute toward improving relations on the ground, 
Ganic concluded. 

