BFN 

<F P=106> [ITIM report] </F>
  [Text] "We must stop the hunt of Hamas [Islamic Resistance 
Movement] and Fatah members in the territories, where they live, 
and prepare the transition to the interim arrangements." This 
remark was made yesterday by Shulamit Aloni, minister of 
communications, science, and the arts. She was referring to the 
incident in which ago Six Fatah members who were not wanted by 
the security forces were killed in the Gaza Strip two days ago. 
  Minister Aloni said that "the need to capture another three 
or five people is outweighed by the great effort the IDF and the 
Defense Ministry have been investing in the peace process and 
the implementation of its results. We are the rulers here. We 
have the strongest army in the Middle East. This hunt for 
another two or three terrorists is out of proportion with the 
great thing that should take place here," she said. 
  This recent incident was not initiated by the IDF [Israel 
Defense Forces], she said, "because we are about to leave the 
territories. Our role there is nearly over." 
  Aloni noted that the occurrence of such incidents can be 
prevented at this time "provided that the IDF does not initiate 
operations, thus reducing friction between the parties." 
  The minister concluded her remarks by saying that "although, 
in the wake of the incident, there is rage, pain, and a desire 
to take revenge in the territories today, the residents there 
must realize that there is always a tomorrow and a day after, 
and that that day could promise security, liberty, and freedom 
of movement, as well as human, political, and civil rights for 
the residents. We must be patient for the sake of that day." 

