Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Sirte, A'ina al-Nar [January] 26, JAMAHIRIYAH NEWS 
AGENCY -- 'Umar al-Muntasir, the secretary of the General 
People's Committee for Foreign Liaison and International 
Cooperation has said that the decisions taken by the basic 
people's committees relating to foreign policy were readily 
accepted despite the difficult political conditions which 
prevail in the world and the unjustly harsh blockade imposed on 
the Libyan people under the pretext of so- called "international 
legitimacy" which was exploited by the three Western countries 
for their own ends to undermine the great al-Fatih revolution. 
  In his response to the points concerning the matter of the 
Basic Peoples' Congresses yesterday evening, al-Muntasir said 
that the great al-Fatih revolution has the honour of 
confrontation and defiance to colonialist designs. 
  He said that attempts by the Western countries to undermine 
the Great Jamahiriyah had reached the degree of armed aggression 
against it and the bombing of the house of the leader of the 
revolution. When these countries failed in their attempts, they 
used the downing of a Pan Am airliner flight number 103 and a 
Uta airliner in another attempt to undermine the Great 
Jamahiriyah. 
  He said that at a time when the United States is in sole 
leading position over the world, the collapse of the Soviet 
Union, and the end of the Cold War, the Western powers used the 
Security Council and transformed the issue from a criminal one 
to a political one despite the fact that there is no evidence 
which shows that the Great Jamahiriyah is responsible for this 
act. He said that the Jamahiriyah attempted to seek a solution 
to this crisis, the need to find the truth, and to have a trial 
held in a neutral country but the three Western countries closed 
all the doors which shows that the main aim behind their actions 
is not to find the truth but to carry out their own political 
ends. 
  He added that the Great Jamahiriyah's stance in this crisis 
was well received and appreciated by more than two thirds of the 
countries of the world, including the countries of the Non 
Aligned Movement, the Islamic Conference Organisation, the Arab 
League and the Organisation of African Unity as well as several 
trade and other organisations, in addition to other countries. 
  This reflected itself in the Security Council when the vote 
was taken on three of the Western countries proposed resolutions 
and were extremely difficult to be approved, despite the strong 
pressure it applied and the threats and inducives [as received] 
it used. 

