BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, May 31 (XINHUA) -- A group of 200 children 
from poor and rich areas across China gathered at the 
Zhongnanhai compound of the Chinese Central Government this 
afternoon to be greeted by Chinese leaders. 
  Singing and cheering, the children gathered around Jiang 
Zemin, general secretary of the Central Committee of the 
Communist Party of China, and Li Peng, Chinese premier, joined 
by other senior Chinese officials. 
  After two young pioneers presented their gifts -- red 
scarves 
worn by young pioneers -- Li sighed, "it seems that I have 
become younger." 
  Among today's guests, a little girl in her wheelchair caught 
the attention of the crowds. The girl, named Li Huang, suffers 
from congenital muscular malnutrition. But she has studied 
hard, overcoming a host of difficulties. 
  "Marvelous, marvelous," Jiang sighed after hearing the 
story. 
  Huang Cheng, a special guest from Baise prefecture, Guangxi 
Zhuang Autonomous Region, is another happy child who could 
return to school with the donation of veteran Chinese leader 
Deng Xiaoping. She asked Jiang Zemin and Li Peng to extend 
greetings and thanks to Grandpa Deng. 
  Jiang Zemin extended his festival greeting to the 170 
million 
Chinese children through the little guests present. He lauded 
the efforts of the Chinese children to make friendships bridging 
across poor and rich areas. 
  The get-together ended in applause after the children 
presented gifts they made themselves -- greeting cards. Jiang 
and Li presented schoolbags to the children. 

