BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, April 12 (KCNA) -- The birthday of the 
great leader President Kim Il-song was celebrated in different 
countries. 
  A celebration meeting took place in the West Mashonaland 
Province of Zimbabwe. 
  John Yoram, secretary of the West Mashonaland Provincial 
Committee of the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic 
Front, in his congratulatory speech said: 
  President Kim Il-song has devoted his all to the 
accomplishment of the revolutionary cause, taking upon himself 
the heavy duty of the Korean revolution and the world revolution 
for a long period since he embarked on the road of revolution 
in his early years. 
  He has led the revolution of each stage to victory and built 
on the land of Korea a socialism centering on the masses. 
  He founded the chuche idea, the guiding idea of the present 
era, thus illumining the road ahead of mankind and giving 
scientific answers to all questions arising in the revolution 
and construction. 
  One of the most brilliant exploits performed by him for the 
Korean revolution and the world revolution is that he has 
theoretically and practically solved the question of inheriting 
the revolutionary cause. 
  It is the greatest glory and happiness of mankind at present 
to have held the dear leader Comrade Kim Chong-il in high esteem. 
  Celebration meetings were also held in Dar-es-Salaam of 
Tanzania and at a hydro-power enterprise of Mozambique and the 
college of culture of Mongolia. 
  DPRK film shows, photo exhibitions, round-table talks, 
friendship gatherings, lecture meetings and other functions were 
held at the cultural centre in Egypt, the Hall of the "Art Plus" 
Association of France, the Ministry of Food and Agriculture of 
Ghana and in Kinshasa city of Zaire and Kara city of Togo and by 
the Communist Party of Cameroon and the Jordanian committee for 
solidarity with the Korean people. 

