BFN 

  [Text] Johannesburg May 10 SAPA -- About 250 members of the 
African National Congress' military wing were stranded outside 
the ANC's Johannesburg headquarters on Tuesday [10 May] night 
after officials failed to process them for integration into the 
new South African National Defence Force, a spokesman for the 
disgruntled MK [Umkhonto we Sizwe -- Spear of the Nation; ANC 
military wing] members claimed. 
  Mr Mathews Dikane said the large Umkhonto we Sizwe group 
arrived in Johannesburg on Friday last week after being told by 
MK officials at Shell House that they should report to an 
assembly point at Wallmannstal near Pretoria. 
  "We travelled in 31 taxis from Port Elizabeth, but when we 
reported at the assembly point near Pretoria we were turned 
away. We then returned to Shell House, but since Friday we have 
not heard a thing from the MK people in the building. We have 
nothing to eat, no accommodation and we are sleeping in the 
taxis. The taxi drivers were told they would be paid when they 
came to Johannesburg, but now they are stuck here with no money 
coming from MK officials. The leadership of the organisation, 
including Mr Nelson Mandela, have not been told about our 
desperate plight," said Mr Dikane. 
  Most of the MK cadres had returned from training camps 
abroad 
only last year, he added. Comment could not be obtained from 
ANC headquarters on Tuesday night. 

