BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, June 3 (XINHUA) -- An executive meeting of 
the State Council today approved in principle a draft law 
governing the People's Bank of China, the country's central 
bank, and a draft auditing law. 
  The meeting, presided over by Premier Li Peng, agreed that 
the first draft law has been formulated to define the status and 
functions of the People's Bank of China, ensure the scientific 
formulation of China's monetary policies, tighten the 
supervision and management of the country's financial sector, 
and introduce and improve the central bank's macro-economic 
control system. 
  The 46-article law covers such areas as the character and 
functions of the People's Bank of China and its organizational 
set-up, renminbi (Chinese currency), supervision and management 
of the financial sector and accounting. 
  Participants in the meeting also agreed that the draft 
auditing law has been formulated to improve the auditing of the 
state revenues and expenditures and of finances related to 
state-owned assets, improve economic returns, maintain China's 
financial and economic order, and ensure healthy growth of the 
national economy. 
  The 47-article law covers such areas as the general 
principles of the auditing system, auditing departments and 
their staff, duties and functions of auditing departments, 
powers of such departments, auditing procedures and legal 
liabilities. 
  Following revisions the two draft laws will be submitted by 
the State Council to the Standing Committee of the National 
People's Congress for deliberation. 

