Language: <F P=105> Lao </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["Statement" issued by spokesman of the Foreign Affairs </F>
Ministry -- date not given; read by announcer] 
  [Text] In late January, the Senate of the United States 
discussed the issue of the lifting of the trade embargo against 
Vietnam. Following the discussion, the Senate overwhelmingly 
voted in favor of the lifting of the trade embargo. Later, on 3 
February 1994, President Bill Clinton officially announced his 
decision to lift the U.S. trade embargo against Vietnam. 
  The Lao People's Democratic Republic [LPDR], as a 
neighboring 
country which has shared the same difficult destiny as Vietnam, 
is delighted with this pleasant news and would like to sincerely 
welcome President Bill Clinton's decision. The government and 
people of Laos are of the view that this decision conforms to 
the regional trend and the current global situation, and meets 
the aspirations of the Vietnamese and the American peoples as 
well as the peoples of the entire Southeast Asian region. 
  Though the lifting of the trade embargo marks a significant 
step toward trade cooperation and exchanges of visits between 
Vietnam and the United States, the step which is widely 
acclaimed by peace- and justice-loving people in the world -- 
the normalization of relations between the two countries -- 
still remains to be taken. In view of this, the LPDR Government 
hopes that the lifting of the trade embargo will serve as a 
significant development toward enabling the relations between 
the two countries to advance toward normalization at an early 
date. 

