BFN 

  [Excerpt] A Hungarian Socialist Party [MSZP] coalition with 
the Alliance of Free Democrats [SZDSZ] at any rate, but not at 
any price; this was said by Gyula Horn at the 31 May session of 
the council of Budapest branches of the MSZP. Journalists were 
briefed today on what happened at the session. Edit Schranz 
reports. 
  [Schranz] Party Chairman Gyula Horn spoke of a determination 
to form a coalition, according to Lajos Matyas Szabo, chairman 
of the council, who described yesterday's session of the 
Budapest branches of the MSZP. Szabo said a stable coalition is 
an important factor in the party's legitimacy in the eyes of 
society. This is what Lajos Matyas Szabo said: 
  [Begin Szabo recording] We view the coming period as one of 
modest and expert service, and, as the principal guarantee for 
all this, a coalition with the SZDSZ -- at any rate but not at 
any price. In other words, on the basis of programs already 
coordinated. [end recording] 
  [Schranz] Szabo also said that last night's session did not 
discuss the question of whom to recommend as prime minister, 
because this has first to be debated by the 25 branches in 
Budapest. 
  The proposals for the post of prime minister will be 
assessed 
by the MSZP on Thursday, the party's position will be formed by 
Friday, and this will be submitted to the MSZP Congress on 
Saturday, Lajos Matyas Szabo explained. 
  By the way, it is Chairman Szabo's view that since the MSZP 
has 63 percent of the Budapest seats in the National Assembly, 
this will allow it to direct the country onto a 
socialist-liberal path. [passage omitted] 

