BFN 

  [Text] Tunis, 27 Apr (MENA)--Palestinian President Yasir 
'Arafat has called Palestinian leaders, including officials from 
Gaza and Jericho, to an emergency meeting in Tunis on the night 
of Friday, 29 April. The aim of the meeting is to discuss the 
final draft of the agreement on the implementation of the 
Palestinian-Israeli Declaration of Principles. The signing will 
pave the way for Palestinian self-rule in Gaza and Jericho. 
  'Arafat also invited a number of Palestinian and Arab legal 
advisers, including Dr. Mufid Shihab and Dr. Salah 'Amir from 
Egypt, to give their opinions on the agreement that will be 
signed with Israel once it is approved by the Palestinian 
leadership. 
  According to well-informed Palestinian sources, 'Arafat 
called the meeting following intensive discussions within the 
Fatah Movement's Central Committee earlier this week. The 
meeting is expected to address recent criticism of the agreement 
by Dr. Haydar 'Abd-al-Shafi, former head of the Palestinian 
delegation to the Washington talks. 'Abd-al-Shafi had said that 
the agreement is not binding on the Palestinians in Gaza, a 
place where 'Abd-al-Shafi wields considerable clout. 
  The same sources say that 'Arafat is in favor of signing the 
self-rule agreement with Israel even if some issues remain 
unresolved, in which case self-rule in Gaza and Jericho will get 
under way at once and the remaining problems will be worked out 
later. 

