BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, June 27 (CNS) -- The China Security 
Association is set up today here with the aim of helping the 
police to maintain public security. Former Minister of Public 
Security, Mr. Wang Fang, and former Chief Procurator of the 
Supreme People's Procuratorate, Mr. Liu Fuzhi, have attended the 
meeting as its honorary presidents. 
  Security service as an auxiliary force for the police to 
prevent crime and safeguard the social order has developed into 
a new mass organization. There are to date some 1,000 security 
companies across the country, with employment of 200,000. 
  Speaking at the first meeting of representatives of the 
association, Vice Minister of Public Security Mou Xinsheng said 
that China saw so much change in public order since the 
implementation of reform and the opening to the outside world 
with the rise in criminal activities and various kinds of 
problems of social order. The police alone, according to the 
security official, is unable to shoulder the task to safeguard 
the public order, and security companies can help in this 
regard. Prospects for this profession are therefore very 
promising. 
  The security companies have to give priority to social 
benefits, according to the president of the association, Mr. Gao 
Xu. He added that the business scope had to be centred on 
offering security service and strictly following regulations 
which prohibited the running of firearms and police uniform 
business. The association will persistently improve its service 
and the quality of its ranks. 

