BFN 

  [Excerpts] There has been a violent clash in Bosnia where 
Scandinavian UN troops responded to Serb attacks. This is the 
first time this has happened. [passage omitted] Our special 
correspondents, Michel Floquet and Gilles Hemart, report: 
  [Floquet] The Leopard tanks which the Scandinavian battalion 
is equipped with are the heaviest weapons in the UN Protection 
Forces [UNPROFOR]. For this reason, the Serbs objected for a 
long time to their arrival in Bosnia. Since mid-February they 
have been positioned in the Tuzla sector, where tension has 
increased in the past few days until last night's incident. A 
Danish observation force came under attack and called for eight 
Leopard tanks as reinforcements: 
  [Begin recording] [Eric Chaperon, spokesman for General 
Michael Rose] The incident lasted about an hour, and during the 
incident the Leopard tanks replied with a significant number of 
shots. 
  [Floquet] How many shots did they fire? 
  [Chaperon] The exact figure is 72. 
  [Floquet] That's a huge response. 
  [Chaperon] The response was considerable, you are right, but 
then so was the attack. The Danes did what they had to do. 
[end recording] 
  [Floquet] It was the local Danish commander who decided to 
respond without asking Sarajevo, Zagreb, or the United Nations 
if he was doing the right thing. This evening UNPROFOR is 
backing him. It even seems to be delighted. And the Serbs are 
not reacting. So many UN troops are wondering now whether they 
should not have demonstrated their strength and determination a 
little sooner. [passage omitted] 

