Language: <F P=105> Italian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Vittorio Testa: "Berlusconi: `Our Affinities? </F>
We are Lombards...'"] 
  [Text] Rome -- "What are the affinities between me and 
[League Secretary] Bossi? There is only one: We were both born 
in Lombardy." "[Clean Hands Public Prosecutor] Di Pietro as 
justice minister? Why not?" "National Alliance [AN]? It could 
provide external support for a League-Forza Italia government, 
assuming a fully-fledged revolution does not take place 
instead." In other words, assuming that Forza Italia and the 
League do not win an absolute majority. "[Pact for Italy 
leader] Segni and [Italian Popular Party (PPI) Secretary] 
Martinazzoli? They will be defeated, obliterated. They will 
not even manage to have 20 deputies elected." This was the 
political extract distilled yesterday evening by Silvio 
Berlusconi during his star appearance on [interviewer Maurizio] 
Costanzo's "Uno contro tutti" ["One Against All"] TV program. 
While Berlusconi was launching his sally about his non-existent 
affinities with Bossi, for his part the "Lombards" leader was 
not mincing his words in criticizing Forza Italia. Berlusconi -- 
who on Monday [21 February] had told "Mixer" [TV news show] that 
a marriage with the League is essentially a marriage of 
convenience, and that Bossi had many virtues but was also a bit 
uncouth -- blamed Bossi's wrath on a newspaper who used the 
"uncouth" in a headline. Is the marriage of convenience 
beginning to break up even before the elections? 
  Another thorny issue which Berlusconi had to confront during 
"Uno contro tutti" was that of the rejected lists in Veneto and 
Puglia. Berlusconi's evening therefore closed with a couple of 
annoying stumbles on record. However, the Knight's [Berlusconi 
nickname] evening as Costanzo's guest was characterized by a 
tranquil mood, with the presiding interviewer playing the part 
of an impartial, ironical, and caustic moderator; [TG4 TV 
announcer] Emilio Fede that of an enthusiastic supporter of 
Berlusconi; [TG5 TV announcer] Mentana showing himself 
scrupulous and detached; whereas [philosopher] Baget Bozzo was 
aggressive and polemical both against Costanzo and "a certain 
left-wing ethos" which, in his opinion, tarnished the most 
incisive contributions, namely, those made by journalists 
Barbara Palombelli and Norma Rangeri, who were guilty of having 
asked Berlusconi if he did not find it embarrassing to support 
[Italian Social Movement (MSI) member] Teodoro Buontempo's 
candidacy in the Ostia constituency, which was recently the 
scene of the aggression by the so-called naziskins on a young 
Tunisian. Furthermore, they asked whether Berlusconi did not 
feel that he had projected a somewhat too polished image of 
himself, rather like the image of a millionaire; and why did he 
insist on depicting a possible left-wing government as a curse, 
when the best administered regions in Italy were precisely those 
governed by the Left. Berlusconi said he did not believe that 
those youths belonged to National Alliance. He not only 
condemned that act of violence but also the aggression on 
Mascia, the leader of the boycott against the Snake. He evaded 
the question concerning the left-wing local governments, 
asserting that their successes were "rather limited," and he 
then resumed a forceful tone: "Wherever their recipe was 
applied, it failed miserably." And again: "The communists, the 
PDS [Democratic Party of the Left] say they have changed. But, 
if I may make this comparison, it is as if someone who has been 
a thief all his life suddenly puts himself forward to become a 
magistrate." On the subject of his TV spots' ostentation, he 
said ironically: "All right. Next time I'll have them filmed in 
my garage." Norma Rangieri remarked she had glimpsed "a very 
valuable painting, perhaps by Tiepolo" behind the Knight, in one 
of his "TV spots." "I can assure you that you are mistaken," 
Berlusconi replied. Fede added: "The Tiepolo was a present for 
me, to thank me for having broadcast his first convention." 
Berlusconi came out in Fede's defense: "He took an objective 
approach. He decided to show Italians an object of great 
interest." Berlusconi then accused the press of publishing 
accounts which were full of gaps: "Color, and nothing more. No 
coverage of what I actually said." 

