BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Pavel Kuznetsov] </F>
  [Text] Moscow, 13 Apr -- Today the State Duma adopted the 
federal law "On the procedure for coverage by the state media of 
the activities of state power bodies" in its first reading. 
According to Mikhail Poltoranin, chairman of the Duma committee 
for information policy and communications, who presented the 
bill to deputies, this law regulates relations on dissemination 
by the state media of material and reports on the activities of 
Russia's state power bodies and its components and at the same 
time guarantees media activities are independent of state bodies. 
  Mikhail Poltoranin noted that the law regulates the 
publication of material on the activities of the Russian 
president, the Federal Assembly, the Russian Government and 
administrations, and representative bodies of Russian components. 
  Poltoranin stressed that the law also examines problems 
relating to the coverage of the activities of state power bodies 
by state radio and television; television and radio companies 
prepare material to be broadcast as part of news and 
news-cum-educational programs in conjunction with the press 
services of the federal bodies of state power. Procedures for 
recording and storing audio and audiovisual material are also 
regulated, and a list of events is specified, for which the 
channels of the state electronic media must give airtime. 
Relations between state bodies and journalists of the media 
editorial offices are regulated. 

