BFN 

    Moscow Radio Rossii Network in Russian at 0400 GMT on 24 
April carries a 2-minute report by Mayak correspondent Andrey 
Murashev from Tomsk region on the situation at the Siberian 
chemical combine, which ``is fraught with catastrophic 
consequences.'' 
  He says: ``This is how the staff of the enterprise has 
described the situation. In a letter addressed to Prime 
Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin and Atomic Energy Minister Viktor 
Mikhaylov, it has stated that work on a defense order and 
production of electric power and heat bring only losses to the 
enterprise. On 1 April, the debt for weapon-grade plutonium was 
22 billion rubles, and for energy sources produced, 11 billion 
rubles. The enterprise developed a conversion program, which is 
being implemented at present and which includes, for example, 
the production of low-grade uranium for nuclear power 
engineering. But the payment for these orders will be made only 
at the end of the year.'' 
  Murashev says that due to the shortage of money, the combine 
cannot buy raw materials or pay wages to its staff, which 
demands that the Russian Government clear its debts and provide 
the long-promised credits. He points out that Russia's 
international commitments with regard to nuclear disarmament 
could be affected if the combine were to grind to a halt. 
  The correspondent went on to recall that the Siberian 
chemical combine was a major enterprise of nuclear production. 
``Two out of three nuclear reactors in the country that work for 
defense are situated here, in the closed town of Seversk, 
formerly known as Tomsk-7.'' 

