BFN 

  [Text] A Christian Democratic Party [DC] delegation will 
visit Cuba in May. The delegation, which will be headed by DC 
President Gutenberg Martinez, also will include Chilean Human 
Rights Commission President Jaime Castillo Velasco and CUT 
[United Labor Confederation] President Manuel Bustos. 
  The visit's objective is to become familiar with the 
situation prevailing in the island, in all sectors. 
  Martinez justified the presence of Castillo Velasco and 
Bustos in the delegation: 
  [Begin Martinez recording] We deemed it appropriate for this 
type of delegation to include a former DC president like Jaime 
Castillo, whose opinion has been heard on topics dealing with 
doctrine and democracy and who also has international 
experience. In the case of Manuel Bustos, he is our party's top 
labor leader. We believe the DC lives not only in the political 
but also in the labor arena. [end recording] 
  Martinez ruled out that the visit will be sort of an advance 
step by the government coalition with a view toward the possible 
reestablishment of diplomatic relations. He admitted however, 
that the issue, which -- as he put it -- has many sides, is 
being analyzed by the government and the DC. 
  On the other hand, Gutenberg Martinez said Cuba has placed 
no 
restrictions on the delegation's visit. Cuban General Consul in 
Chile Humberto Hernandez made a similar statement: 
  [Begin Hernandez recording] They will make good contacts 
with 
(?social sectors), Cuban authorities, and party and government 
officials. They will see the actual situation in Cuba and they 
will form their own opinion. [end recording] 
  Asked whether the delegation will be able to visit 
everything, even jails, the consul said specific conversations 
should be made about the subject in Cuba. 
  Asked about the presence of Fidel Castro and the holding of 
democratic elections, Hernandez replied that there is democracy 
in Cuba, although with imperfections. 

