Language: <F P=105> Mandarin </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "National Hookup" program] </F>
  [Excerpts] To cope with the situation regarding the 
serious outbreak of diseases caused by iodine deficiency in 
China, the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, the 
China Light Industry Federation, the Ministry of Internal Trade, 
the Ministry of Public Health, and the State Administration for 
Technological Supervision held a joint news conference today at 
which they called on all localities to strengthen control over 
the table salt markets by preventing non-iodized salt from 
entering iodine-deficient areas so as to protect the health of 
the people. [passage omitted] 
  In recent years, some areas have engaged in the reckless 
production of nonedible salt which has been marketed in large 
quantifies by some units and individuals in violation of the 
relevant state regulations. In particular, large quantities of 
noniodized salt have been sold in iodine-deficient areas, thus 
causing a drastic rise in the number of iodine-deficiency 
diseases. 
  The party Central Committee and the State Council are paying 
close attention to the situation regarding the table salt 
market. Vice Premier Li Lanqing and State Councillor Peng Peiyun 
have called on the State Administration for Industry and 
Commerce to adopt measures in coordination with other relevant 
departments to strengthen control over the salt markets. 
  The State Administration for Industry and Commerce and four 
other departments today issued a joint circular on strengthening 
the administration of the state's salt markets and strictly 
banning the sales of non-iodized salt to iodine-deficient areas. 
The circular said: The state will introduce a system whereby 
permits are required for the production of table salt and 
wholesale transaction of salt products; there will be a 
crackdown on illegal production and sales of salt products; and 
enterprises currently engaged in the production and wholesale of 
table salt must renew their registrations by 30 April 1994. 

