Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, Jan. 7 KYODO -- Japan has called on North 
Korea to hold talks to prepare for resuming stalled bilateral 
negotiations aimed at establishing diplomatic relations, a 
Foreign Ministry spokesman said Friday [7 January]. 
  Spokesman Terusuke Terada told a press conference that Japan 
has made the call to Pyongyang for a preparatory meeting. He 
declined to elaborate. 
  Later [as received] in the day, a top Foreign Ministry 
official said Japan has urged North Korea to hold preparatory 
negotiations to decide the timing and place for resuming talks 
on normalization of bilateral ties. 
  The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, indicated 
that Japan may again make the call when a third round of 
high-level talks between North Korea and the United States is 
held, since Pyongyang is currently placing more importance on 
talks with Washington than on anything else. 
  So far, Japan and North Korea have held eight rounds of 
negotiations on normalizing ties. The eighth round was held in 
November l992. 
  The negotiations stalled when North Korea walked out in 
protest at Japan's requests to confirm the safety of a Japanese 
woman Tokyo believes was abducted by North Korean agents. 
  The Japanese Government alleges the woman was forced to 
serve 
as a language teacher for Kim Hyon-hui, a North Korean agent 
responsible for the bombing of a Korean Air jetliner in 1987 
that killed all the 115 people aboard it. 

