BFN 

  [Text] The stretch of the Tajik-Afghan border patrolled by 
the Horog border detachment is recognized as the main gateway by 
which drugs enter the CIS. The border, which is almost 500 km 
long, runs between mountain ridges that separate Tajik and 
Afghan Badakhshan. Although all the outposts where the Russian 
border guards are based lie at the foot of these mountains, they 
are still at an altitude of 1,700-1,800 meters above sea level. 
You can imagine the hardships of service here, where Russian 
border guards have to cope with more than just the thin air of 
the Pamir mountains. Although political passions are now 
boiling in Tajik Badakhshan, on the Afghan side they have long 
escalated into armed settling of scores, and Russian border 
guards find themselves in the middle of all this. 
  [Begin recording] [A. Neroyev, commander of Horog border 
detachment] The fact that no single authority is in control on 
the territory of the neighboring state, Afghanistan, makes 
things difficult for us. On the other hand, the situation in 
Tajikistan itself is quite complex. So, the officers and men of 
the border troops have to work quite hard to keep the situation 
under control. Even so, we are actively guarding the border. We 
have regular meetings with Afghan representatives and settle 
security issues with them. We have been granted the right to 
represent the state in talks with the Afghans on questions 
involving the state border and control of the state border. [end 
recording] 

