BFN 

  [Excerpt] Sofia, May 30 (BTA) -- [passage omitted] An 
acceptable solution concerning Russian supplies of armament and 
military equipment for Bulgaria in settlement of Russia's debt 
to it can be found in two months' time, Mr. Lobov told the BTA 
Daily News reporters after the meeting which the Russian 
delegation had at the Council of Ministers with a group of 
Bulgarian Government experts led by Deputy Prime Minister Evgeni 
Matinchev. 
  The participants in the meeting considered mainly problems 
related to military equipment and the exchange of experience in 
the field of conversion, the Russian statesman said. The 
restoration of direct transport connections between Bulgaria and 
Russia was also discussed. The question is about the Black Sea 
ferry service from Varna, Bulgaria, to Novorossiysk, Russia, 
and, possibly, the opening of other similar services, Mr. Lobov 
stated. He believes that various goods could be shipped from 
Bulgaria to Arkhangelsk in Russia by expanding river and sea 
transport connections. 
  The Bulgarian and the Russian delegations exchanged 
information on the condition of the administrative management of 
the military industry complexes in the two countries. They 
considered the establishment of Bulgarian-Russian scientific 
organizations and industrial and commercial joint ventures in 
the defence industry sector. The sides discussed the 
possibility of Bulgaria and Russia granting each other trade 
preferences concerning taxation and customs duties. An 
agreement between the governments of Bulgaria and Russia on the 
establishment of an intergovernmental commission for cooperation 
in the defence industry is expected to be initialled tomorrow, 
BTA learned from the Council of Ministers Press Office. 
  The Russian delegation is going to visit some Bulgarian 
military plants. It will be received by President Zhelyu Zhelev 
and Prime Minister Lyuben Berov; it will have a meeting with 
Transport Minister Kiril Ermenkov too. 

