BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed commentary from the "Palestine Broadcast"] </F>
  [Text] After the 'Afula and Ashdod operations almost 10 
days ago, which left dozens of Zionist settlers and troops dead 
and injured, today comes the Hadera operation, in the heart of 
1948-occupied Palestine near Tel Aviv. This reasserts the 
failure of the military siege -- imposed indefinitely by the 
occupation authorities on the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip 
-- to provide security and safety for Israelis. 
  Today, an explosive charge went off in an Israeli bus in 
Hadera near Tel Aviv. An Israeli military spokesman has 
admitted that five Israeli settlers were killed and 25 others 
were injured in the explosion. Israeli enemy radio reported 
that large police and Army forces rushed to the scene and 
started a broad combing operation in a search for the intifadah 
youths. The occupation forces have set up heavy roadblocks in 
the area and tightened suppressive measures. 
  The operation coincides with Israel's celebration of its 
proclamation on the land of Arab Palestine. It also coincides 
with the deadline set to implement the Oslo accord that 
stipulates Israeli withdrawal from Gaza and Jericho. 
  This operation, which came in the wake of the 'Afula, Ashdod 
and other operations, reaffirms the determination of our 
Palestinian Arab people to pursue their intifadah and operations 
all over the occupied homeland in the West Bank and Gaza Strip 
in 1948-occupied Palestine. This operation also reaffirms our 
people's determination to deprive the Zionist invaders of 
security and safety, wherever they are, all over occupied 
Palestine. This as long as our Palestinian Arab people are 
being subjected to oppression, terrorism, killing, and 
annihilation at the hands of the Zionist settlers and soldiers, 
and as long as Israel does not recognize the national rights of 
our people and does not withdraw from the occupied Arab 
territories. 

