BFN 

  [Text] Buenos Aires, 15 Jun (EFE) -- Argentine President 
Carlos Menem today criticized his Brazilian counterpart Itamar 
Franco because, during the inauguration of the Fourth 
Ibero-American Summit in Colombia, Franco praised the policies 
of Fidel Castro administration's in Cuba. 
  "Franco gave Castro a toehold from which to throw everything 
he had to defend Cuba and to assure that his government is 
totally democratic," the Argentine president complained to a 
Buenos Aires radio station. 
  Menem said: "Five or six heads of state had just asked 
Castro 
to democratize Cuba. Castro defended his regime and launched a 
frontal attack against the United States and the cruelty of 
their policy of blockading the island." 
  He added: "It would have all ended there if, at the end of 
the round of speeches, Franco had not unexpectedly asked to 
speak again. He took the floor to praise Fidel Castro and Cuban 
policies, and to ask for the lifting of the blockade." 
  The Argentine Government is Castro's staunchest opponent in 
Latin America, which is consistent with Menem's foreign policy 
of full alignment with U.S. positions. 
  Menem said he held a long conversation with Castro during a 
boat trip by the heads of state in Cartagena yesterday. He made 
clear, however, that the talk was not official and that the two 
leaders did not discuss political matters. 
  The president said: "We did not talk about politics, we 
talked about Anillaco," the town in the northeast where Menem 
was born. 

