BFN 

  [Text] Belgrade, April 11 (TANJUG) -- Jovan Zametica, 
spokesman for president of the Bosnian Serb republic Radovan 
Karadzic, on Monday warned the international public, and 
particularly the world organization, of the far-reaching 
consequences of continuing military action against Serb military 
forces in the former Yugoslav republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina. 
  If Serb lives are threatened with the U.N. air strikes the 
conduct of the Bosnian Serb Army [VRS] towards U.N. Protection 
Force (UNPROFOR) troops on the ground cannot be guaranteed, 
Zametica told BBC radio. 
  If air strikes continue we shall find ourselves at war with 
the United Nations, said Zametica. 
  The VRS general staff said on Monday morning that the VRS 
artillery "was not shelling Gorazde at all so that UNPROFOR 
forces, members of humanitarian organizations, and the civilian 
population cannot be in any danger". 
  "The Moslem war propaganda launches new fabrications from 
Gorazde, which dangerously fuel reckless decisions about the 
combat use of NATO air force and contribute to the escalation of 
the war", said the VRS general staff. 
  Croatian radio on Monday morning quoted the U.N. commander 
in 
Bosnia-Herzegovina, Lieutenant-General Rose as saying that 
Gorazde was quiet on Monday morning and denying Moslem 
accusations that Serb forces were attacking the town. 
  When asked directly on Monday morning if the Serbs were 
attacking the eastern enclave of Gorazde, Rose answered 
negatively and said his reports were "extremely accurate". 

