Language: <F P=105> Korean </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] With the North Korean nuclear issue approaching a 
confrontational phase, the UN Security Council has convened a 
closed-door meeting to tackle the North Korean nuclear issue 
right after the International Atomic Energy Agency [IAEA] ended 
a special meeting of its Board of Governors. It has been 
learned that during the meeting, the UN Security Council will 
discuss ways to draw up prudent countermeasures, including 
sanctions, against North Korea. 
  Correspondent Nam Son-yon reports from UN Headquarters: 
  [Begin Nam recording] Assessing North Korea's nuclear issue 
as having reached a critical point in which the peace and 
security of not only the Korean peninsula but the world is 
threatened, the UN Security Council is drawing up prudent and 
versatile countermeasures, a well-informed source said. 
  The source said that after convening at 0530 AM [2030 GMT] 
Korean time to discuss the Bosnian crisis, the UN Security 
Council took up the U.S. request right after winding up 
discussions on the Bosnian matter. 
  The source added that the permanent members of the Security 
Council are expected to show a firm stance toward drawing up 
steps since the special meeting of IAEA Board of Governors 
adopted a resolution by an overwhelming majority and North Korea 
continues to make war-provocative outbursts while neglecting to 
show a sincere attitude toward nuclear inspections. 
  The United States, taking China's stance into account, is 
also expected to persuade other permanent members to adopt a 
resolution warning of sanctions within this week. 
  The permanent members, however, will adhere to its basic 
stance that the nuclear issue should be resolved peacefully 
since the IAEA wants additional inspections and the United 
States has not closed the door for dialogue with North Korea, 
and will deliberate fully on settlement of the matter. [end 
recording] 

