BFN 

<F P=106> ["Report from Shanghai" by special correspondent Li Hsi-ping </F>
(2621 6007 1627): "Those Imprisoned in Relation to the 4 June 
Incident Are Warned Not To Get Together or Get In touch With 
Reporters From Outside the Mainland"] 
  [Text] As there is only a bit more than one month before 
the fifth anniversary of the 4 June Incident, the mainland 
authorities have been tightening control over dissidents. Those 
who were jailed for being involved in the 1989 pro-democracy 
movement yesterday received oral warnings from the department 
concerned, and some more famous dissidents were under closer 
supervision around their houses. 
  Sources in Beijing said that, because the CPC top leadership 
once again issued an instruction to the department concerned on 
strictly exercising control over pro-democracy activists in 
order to "stabilize" the social environment, beginning 
yesterday, the public security and state security organs on the 
mainland took action to control the activities of those who 
participated in the pro-democracy movement in 1989. The 
measures included that of not allowing them to get to touch with 
reporters from outside the mainland and not allowing them to get 
together in any form. Some dissidents who always kept a low 
profile, such as Bao Zunxin and Zhou Duo, were also put under 
close supervision. Bao Zunxin said that this was "quite 
baffling." 
  The sources also said that today's action would last until 
late June, and strict supervision over pro-democracy activists 
would also be conducted in other cities in order to prevent some 
people from trying to hold activities of commemorating the fifth 
anniversary of the 4 June Incident. 
  Reportedly, the authorities demanded that the local 
authorities concerned guarantee that no mistake would occur in 
the next two months, and that they would immediately report to 
Beijing if any trouble occurred. 

