BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Focus on Africa" program] </F>
  [Text] There has been crisis in the capital of Djibouti 
between members of the Afar and Somali-speaking Issa 
communities. At least one person died in the disturbances and 
several were injured. It all comes at a time when the 
government of Hassan Gouled Aptidon is having talks with the 
splinter groups of the rebel Afar-led movement, FRUD [Front for 
the Restoration of Unity and Democracy]. From Djibouti, 
Christophe Farah telexed this report. 
  Yesterday, the predominantly Afar neighborhood of Ahiba was 
the scene of violent clashes between Afars and Somali-speaking 
residents from the nearby residential suburbs of Gechamale. The 
minister of interior, in a statement issued today, deplored the 
violence and said that gangs of hooligans had damaged the high 
school. Riot police units were rushed to the scene of the 
battle. Although they succeeded in restoring law and order, the 
police are still deployed along the route to Dakka, which is the 
road that separates the antagonistic neighborhoods of Ahiba and 
Gechamale. 
  Today the minister of interior called on the population to 
stay calm and protect public property. The incident coincides 
with behind-the-doors contacts between the government and a 
breakaway faction of FRUD. Last Monday, Prime Minister Barkat 
Gourad Hamadou, reportedly met with Mr. (Ugure Kisle), a FRUD 
military commander. (Kisle) claims to be the new leader of the 
Afar rebellion and over recent months he has publicly announced 
his readiness to engage in dialogue with the government. News 
of the meeting may have prompted the radical wing of the Afar 
community to work up the residents of Ahiba against any deal. 
The people of Ahiba have on many occasions organized 
demonstrations in a bid to show their loyalty to the FRUD 
faction led by Ahmed Dini. 

