Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Commentary by Mikhail Mityukov, deputy chairman of the </F>
Russian Federation Federal Assembly State Duma, under the 
"Politics" rubric: "Accord on Civil Peace Is a Response to 
Society's Demand"] 
  [Text] I am certain that there are good prospects for the 
accord on civil peace which the president has suggested should 
be signed. It is hard to object to the actual idea -- in 
principle, all parties, groups, and factions loudly declare that 
they advocate consolidation, cooperation, civil peace, and 
accord. The agreement proposes finding common points of contact 
and determining the principles on which the agreement will be 
based, the commitments that the government and other state 
organs will assume, and the commitments that parties, trade 
unions, and public organizations will take on themselves. To 
oppose this idea would be to oppose the opinion prevailing among 
the population that it is time to end confrontation, that peace 
and accord are needed. The agreement on civil peace should not 
just be a declaration. Having named the points of contact and 
common aims and tasks, the president should also propose both a 
mechanism for implementing the agreement and the sides' 
commitments and the specific political responsibility of those 
who sign the memorandum. An extensive circle of participants 
will be invited to sign, that is, representatives of at least 
100 public organizations, political parties, trade unions, and 
religious faiths as well as the power structures -- the 
president, the government, the Federal Assembly chambers, and 
the Constitutional Court. That is the intention. As a 
politician I believe that to oppose it, refusing to participate 
in the memorandum on accord, would be to demonstrate political 
ambitions which are far from the people's true interests. 

