Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Chisinau BASAPRESS, 10/2/1994 -- Assuming the 
responsibility it was not granted, the Russian 14th Army has an 
obviously careless tone, proceeding to frank threat using force 
against Moldova unless conditions it had imposed are satisfied, 
states a declaration of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MAF), 
spread today. On January 8th 1994, the 14th Army Military 
Council declared that if a new conflict unleashes in Moldova's 
east, the 14th Army reserves the right to involve in the 
conflict's solution. The Army does not want to recognize the 
doubtless truth that it is a foreign army dislocated on the 
territory of an independent and sovereign state with which it 
cannot talk in a language of dictation and blackmail, states the 
declaration. "It seems unbelievable that the published document 
was not inspired and coordinated with the Russian Defence 
Ministry." The declaration mentions that "by the said 
declaration of its Military Council, the Russian 14th Army 
proves again that it is the main destabilizing factor in the 
region. The exaggerate militarizing of east regions, the 
persecution of those with different opinions, circulation 
restrictions and the banned participation in Moldovan Parliament 
elections leave no doubt on where the instigator and the actual 
centre of an eventual armed conflict and provocation is, states 
the MAF declaration. 

