BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, May 27 KYODO -- Japan renewed its pledge 
Friday [27 May] to provide foreign rice exporters with "minimum 
access" to its rice market but left open the possibility of 
importing less rice than required in case of poor harvests 
abroad. 
  "The government should import the agreed-upon quantity of 
rice under normal circumstances, as the government is in a 
position to import it as a state-controlled import item," Farm 
Minister Mutsuki Kato told the House of Representatives Budget 
Committee. 
  Kato was referring to Japan's agreement last December with 
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) members obligating 
it to raise the foreign rice share in the Japanese market to at 
least 8 percent by the year 2000. 
  The coalition government has been under opposition pressure 
to clarify its stance following conflicting statements from 
government ministers on the interpretations of the GATT accord. 
  Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata once described the minimum 
access 
accord as "something that resembles an obligation," while 
International Trade and Industry Minister Eijiro Hata depicted 
it as an "obligation" when he was serving as agriculture 
minister. 
  Under the GATT accord, Japan is obligated to import 400,000 
tons of foreign rice in fiscal 1995, gradually expanding it to 
800,000 tons by fiscal 2000. 
  However, the government believes Japan would not be obliged 
to meet the requirements when foreign nations do not have 
surplus stockpiles to export to Japan due to their poor 
harvests, according to a government statement. 

