BFN 

    [Editorial Report] Johannesburg RAPPORT in Afrikaans on 10 
April on page 9 carries a three-quarter-page advertisement for 
the Freedom Front (FF). The top eighth of the ad features the 
slogan: THE FREEDOM FRONT CAN MAKE THE DIFFERENCE! In the middle 
of the ad, taking up more than half the space is a scale with 
weights on both sides. The left hand side has three weights of 
different sizes. The biggest is marked ANC, the next NP 
(National Party) and the smallest has the SACP's (South African 
Communist Party) hammer and sickle. On the right side of the 
scale is one big weight marked Freedom Front, and below that the 
words "throw your weight in behind Gen. Viljoen and the Freedom 
Front now." Below this are the words: "If you vote against the 
ANC/Communists (and you must chose between the NP and the 
Freedom Front), remember: 

  -  Vote for a party that did not yield to the ANC throughout 
the negotiations. 
  -  Vote for a party that did not alienate moderate partners such 
as Inkatha, Bop (Bophuthatswana), and Ciskei. 
  -  Vote for a party that did not break its election promises. 
  -  Vote for a party that is not in alliance with the ANC/SACP 
behind the scenes. Do not allow the NP to catch you again with 
hollow promises." 

    Directly below the scale are the words: "Trust Gen. Viljoen 
and the Freedom Front to make the difference." To the left of 
this is a photograph of Gen. Viljoen, and alongside it "FREEDOM 
FRONT" and the party's logo. Above the scale appear the words: 
"The NP has been weighed...and found to be too light. 

