Language: <F P=105> Portuguese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Beth Veloso from Congress] </F>
  [Text] The government has been granted more time to 
negotiate changes made by Congress on the provisional measure 
that creates the Real Value Unit, URV. 
  Congress postponed voting on the bill for changes in the 
provisional measure that created the URV. The parties that 
support the government did not want to vote on the issue and 
create obstacles by extending their debates. Government leader 
in the Senate Pedro Simon said the modifications suggested to 
the provisional measure would ruin the government's 
stabilization plan by increasing salaries and granting a minimum 
wage increase. He asked Congress not to make the mistake of 
voting emotionally. Deputy Tarcisio Delgado, leader of the 
Brazilian Democratic Movement Party, PMDB, opposed the point of 
view of Deputy Gonzaga Mota, who is also a PMDB member, and said 
the measures contemplated in the plan are unrealistic lies. 
  At 1400, Senate President Humberto Lucena closed the session 
to begin the Constituent Congress debates. Workers Party, PT, 
Deputy Chico Vigilante would not agree to the decision and 
called Lucena a hanger-on. Lucena now will sue Vigilante for 
lack of decorum. 
  Another congressman who also can be punished is Deputy Jose 
Chicote, also a PT member, who hit Deputy Luiz Carlos Hauly 
because he was trying to postpone voting on the bill. 
  Civilian Household Head Henrique Hargreaves came to Congress 
and said that by postponing the vote, the government and members 
of Congress will have more time to discuss the loss of salaries' 
purchasing power and the amount of the minimum wage. 

