Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] Ghana today appealed for massive assistance from 
the international community, especially the country's 
development partners, to help meet the extrabudgetary 
expenditure on rehabilitating displaced persons in the ethnic 
conflict in the northern region. Making the appeal at a meeting 
with members of the diplomatic corps in Accra, the minister of 
foreign affairs, Dr. Obed Asamoah, said the government is 
developing a mechanism that would serve as an early warning 
system to forestall such conflicts in the future. Afari Morny 
reports: 
  [Begin Morny recording] The interethnic conflict in the 
northern region dates back to 1980, but the magnitude of 
previous hostilities is nowhere near what is being witnessed in 
recent times. [passage omitted] Dr. Asamoah told the diplomats 
that there is peace and tranquility in the rest of the country 
and that there is no danger of the conflict spilling over to 
other areas. He said while the task force will pursue plans to 
achieve its objectives, the government, political and opinion 
leaders should intensify their reconciliatory role to achieve a 
lasting solution to the conflict. Dr. Asamoah hinted that the 
government is developing a mechanism that would serve as an 
early warning system to forestall such situations in future. 
  The minister of information, Mr. Kofi Totobi Quakyi, 
repeated 
the guinea fowl story as the immediate cause of the conflict. 
He however stressed that there is no need to apportion blame at 
this stage. A deputy minister of employment and social welfare, 
Mrs. Amah Benuah Andoh, spelled out long and short term programs 
to provide food, shelter and drugs for the misplaced persons and 
to resettle them. She repeated Dr. Asamoah's appeal to the 
international community, to supplement the government efforts to 
meet the extra budgetary expenditure on the rehabilitation of 
the misplaced persons. [end recording] 

