CSO 

<F P=106> [Interview with Johannes Rau, minister-president of North </F>
Rhine-Westfalia, by Ulrich Bieger and Manfred Ertel; place and 
date not given: "`So Many Positive Signals'"] 
  [Text] [DER SPIEGEL] Mr. Rau, on your Easter vacation did 
you, as is rumored among your party colleagues, secretly 
decorate the children's rooms in Berlin's Bellevue Castle, the 
official residence of the president of the Federal Republic? 
  [Rau] That would have been nice. No, I spent one week at 
home 
catching up on some papers, after which I traveled for just 
under 14 days to the northern part of the Black Forest to take 
some time to myself to think things over and to gather renewed 
strength for difficult weeks to come. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] What for? The campaign for the office of the 
presidency has been under way for weeks, practically without you. 
  [Rau] I do not intend to wage a campaign anyway, since that 
is not in keeping with the office. I have not held back much on 
political issues, but I have no personal strategy, and I do not 
intend to arrange my schedule based upon whether it serves that 
goal. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Your opponents are less punctilious about 
this; 
they are using nearly every forum available to make themselves 
look good. They are taking part in television panel discussions, 
even without Johannes Rau, and have even allowed themselves to 
be photographed at family Easter gatherings. Are you too good 
for publicity when it comes to your own affairs? 
  [Rau] I have been involved in politics for more than three 
decades. So it is only natural that I am more widely known, even 
compared with the other three respectable candidates. Many 
people have an image of me; I do not need to artificially add 
anything to it. On the other hand, I was not totally idle during 
my vacation. I wrote a letter to Roman Herzog on the occasion of 
his 60th birthday.... 
  [DER SPIEGEL] ...quite confidentially, of course, to avoid 
any public attention. 
  [Rau] It was not confidential, just personal. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Representatives of very different political 
currents are in the running to succeed Richard von Weizsaecker. 
Is a confrontation not imperative? 
  [Rau] No, because the delegates must decide according to 
their conscience. In that sense my fate is in their hands. I 
hope, however, that they will not base their decision on the 
Bundestag elections on 16 October, and that they will not ask 
themselves how this or that decision will affect this or that 
coalition, but that they will base their decision on the almost 
2,000 days that will follow. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Your election could be the signal for a 
political change in Germany. Do you not owe at least your party, 
the SPD [Social Democratic Party of Germany], a little more 
commitment? 
  [Rau] Up to now, no discussion with my party has confirmed 
such an assumption. It is my impression that this style is 
exactly what those with whom I work closely within the SPD want. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Fellow party members, even some in the SPD 
leadership are not at all pleased with your restraint, and even 
feel imposed upon somewhat, seeing that they are having to try 
to enlist support for candidate Rau within the FDP [Free 
Democratic Party]. 
  [Rau] About that you are wrong. I know of no one who feels I 
have used him or her, neither somewhat or any other way. 
  [SER SPIEGEL] Have you secretly written off the election, 
perhaps? 
  [Rau] Not at all. However I do not deny that I live up to 
the 
image you have shown of me as one who hesitates on the question 
of my chances of success. There are days when I believe that the 
widespread approval I see in all opinion polls taken among the 
populace will be reflected in the federal assembly. And then 
there are days when I have the impression that the factions are 
firmly in place. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] You used to be more certain of victory. 
  [Rau] Possibility causes one to hope, but makes one wary of 
self-assuredness. I have never been sure of myself, but I do 
consider it quite possible that I will be elected. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] For the Bundestag elections, the FDP has 
committed itself to a coalition with the union. A preliminary 
decision in favor of the union candidate Roman Herzog? 
  [Rau] It does not appear to be. On the contrary, much 
evidence suggests the FDP leadership wanted to secure, and in 
fact has secured, more room to maneuver with its preliminary 
declaration of a coalition. This way, if Hildegard 
Hamm-Bruecher's candidacy is unsuccessful, the party will decide 
who is to receive her votes in an internal clarification 
proceeding prior to the third ballot. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Juergen Moellemann, North Rhine-Westfalian FDP 
land party chairman and Rau supporter, would like all liberal 
delegates to yield to a majority vote. Would that increase your 
chances? 
  [Rau] That is how it was run in 1969, and it brought success 
to Gustav Heinemann. The FDP will have to decide whether or not 
that is the best strategy for 1994. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Will you allow yourself to be elected by the 
SED's [Socialist Unity Party of Germany] successor party, the 
PDS [Party of Democratic Socialism]? 
  [Rau] I do not know how, after a secret ballot election, one 
is to determine who elected him. I am campaigning for votes from 
the center groups in the federal assembly, and not from the 
fringes. And I have received so many positive signals from the 
democratic parties over the past two years that there is a 
realistic chance. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] If Roman Herzog or Johannes Rau wins by a 
narrow margin it will be easy to figure out whether or not votes 
from the extreme camp were decisive in the victory. Roman Herzog 
has announced that in this case he will decline his election. 
  [Rau] I believe it is wrong to assign the PDS or the 
Republikaner the role of arbitrator based upon prior statements. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] The union would be pleased to see the SPD and 
the SED successor back in the same political boat. That would 
liven things up. 
  [Rau] That will not catch on, even if some individuals try 
to 
paddle in that direction, because it is totally unrealistic. 
There is no shallow water there. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] But Helmut Kohl accuses you of having betrayed 
German unification by making concessions to the GDR, in hopes of 
receiving election campaign assistance from East Berlin in the 
1987 Bundestag elections. 
  [Rau] That campaign collapsed long ago because it is without 
any degree of truth. Regarding the issue of German citizenship 
in the negotiations with the GDR, I offered nothing more than 
what Wolfgang Schaeuble offered as the representative of the 
Federal Government, namely that citizenship in the GDR would be 
honored. And I can imagine no greater honor of such citizenship 
than Erich Honecker's official visit to Helmut Kohl in 1987. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] You have been the minister-president of North 
Rhine-Westfalia for 16 years, so you have power. What attracts 
you to a role as a representative? 
  [Rau] I sometimes feel that this society is flying off in 
different directions because there is too little consensus. I am 
concerned over the democratic development in Germany. This is 
dealt with not through organizational means but by bringing 
people together. This task requires a federal president who is 
endowed with the ability to listen and who is a powerful 
speaker, but who will not gloss over the undebatable ugly side 
of practical politics. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] What practical role, then, could you play as 
federal president against enemies of democracy from the Right? 
  [Rau] For me the following maxim rings true: Sects are the 
fault of the churches. In other words wherever democratic powers 
permit deficits to become marked, the resulting vacuum will be 
filled by nondemocratic powers. That is what happened in Weimar, 
which was ruined not by the extremists but by the shortage of 
democrats. That is why we need a strengthening of the democratic 
forces most of all. The federal president can do this in the way 
in which he observes his office. And acts of symbolism are a 
part of this. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Do you fear Italian attitudes--a weakened 
capitalistic center, a draw for extreme rightists? 
  [Rau] I would not go as far as that. Our problem is not the 
collapse of parties that no longer have the power to renew 
themselves; our problem is primarily the conflict between east 
and west, which has not yet been solved; it is about bringing 
the people together, about bridging deep gaps between the two 
parts of the republic. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] The SPD missed an opportunity for an act of 
symbolism when it rejected the proposal for a joint candidate 
from the east. Instead it was left up to CDU/CSU [Christian 
Democratic Union/Christian Social Union] Caucus Chairman 
Wolfgang Schaeuble to make a stand for the east Berlin social 
democrat and theologian Richard Schroeder. 
  [Rau] My impression was that this was a journalistic trial 
balloon. I know of no discussion during which the CDU/CSU is 
supposed to have actually made this offer. I have spoken with 
Richard Schroeder regarding my candidacy, both before and after 
my candidacy was announced. I also believe it is wrong to tie 
the question of who is suitable to be federal president to his 
or her origins, or gender, or religion. The office is unique, 
the question is: Who is now the right one for it? 
  [DER SPIEGEL] If the Bundestag is unable to agree on a 
majority chancellor, it becomes the duty of the federal 
president to decide whether to dissolve parliament and call for 
new elections or to appoint a minority chancellor. Herzog, an 
expert on the constitution, is concerned that the president 
would be committed to the candidate with the most votes. Do you 
agree? 
  [Rau] No, I feel that the federal president can be 
thoroughly 
in control of this situation under the current Basic Law. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] This structure apparently reminds Herzog of 
1993, when Reich President Hindenburg appointed Adolf Hitler as 
chancellor of the Reich. 
  [Rau] I cannot accept this comparison. We live not in 
Weimar, 
but in a republic that has demonstrated its stability over 45 
years and in which there have never been any fundamental 
constitutional conflicts. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Are you in favor of a popular election of the 
federal president. 
  [Rau] On this question I am biased because I know, of 
course, 
that I would have a majority. However, the argument brought 
forth by the current president, who does not have or no longer 
has any reservations regarding direct elections since we are the 
only country that operates this way, has made me think. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] So, a coquettish yes. 
  [Rau] Not exactly. Before we were to resort to direct 
elections, from which I would have much to gain, we would have 
to consider increasing the responsibilities of the federal 
president, without altering the structure of the Basic Law. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Taking power from the federal chancellor and 
aiming toward a more strongly presidential system? 
  [Rau] No, not borrowing from America or France, but 
strengthening the position of the president between government 
and parliament, for example in appointments to the highest 
courts or in calling up independent committees. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] As federal president would you promote and 
pursue political discussion regarding direct elections? 
  [Rau] I can certainly see doing that, particularly if the 
debate over the new Basic Law is shifted away from the 
Constitutional Committee and if the possibility of a public 
plebiscite is discussed. Just as I can well imagine debate over 
a single, seven-year term of office for the federal president 
without the option of reelection. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Have you seriously considered the possibility 
of a defeat on 23 May? 
  [Rau] I hope I have done so enough. If I were not elected 
federal president, it would certainly be a personal 
disappointment for me, and I would need to stop and take a deep 
breath. I am certain, however, that afterward I would find the 
strength to continue my political work into 1995, and that my 
pleasure in doing so would increase. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Your friends in the SPD do not seem as certain 
by any means, and remember anxiously your deep depression 
following your defeat as the leading candidate in the 1987 
Bundestag elections. 
  [Rau] Three times during my political career I have been 
faced with the question of whether or not I should quit. The 
time of the Bundestag elections was not one of these, however, 
although I do not deny that I was hurt by it. 
  The first of these three times was in April 1990, when I 
stood only 50 centimeters away from Oscar Lafontaine during the 
assassination attempt, and when the woman said the next day she 
had actually wanted to kill Rau, but he had stood too awkwardly. 
The second time was after a serious illness during the summer of 
1992, from which, luckily, I have completely recovered. And the 
third time was on 29 May 1993, when at eight o'clock in the 
morning I stood in front of the house in Solingen in which five 
Turkish women and girls had been burned. At that moment I 
thought it is not worth it, you cannot change the world. 
  All three times I found the strength to continue. I am 
certain that I will also be able to do so if I do not receive 
the majority of votes in the federal assembly. Then I hope to 
lead the SPD in North Rhine-Westfalia in the 1995 elections. 
  [DER SPIEGEL] Mr. Rau, we thank you for this interview. 

