BFN 

<F P=106> [Passages within quotation marks recorded] </F>
  [Text] In contrast to Thursday's [12 May] debate, which was 
reportedly disorganized, the presidential candidates' debate, 
according to today's edition of EL TIEMPO, was restrained and 
boring -- it was really no debate. Perhaps the biggest mistake 
was having two candidates who want to run the country speaking 
for 90 minutes on how to manage Bogota. 
  The debate began with a warning by the host. 
  [Unidentified speaker] "We continue to be Liberals, will be 
Liberals, and will vote Liberal." 
  More than a debate, it was an exposition of ideas. 
Controversy was nonexistent. The candidates' proposals, even 
though they were not the same, were so similar that the only way 
to tell them apart was their suits. 
  [Samper] "I pledge to double the number of policemen in 
Bogota." 
  [Pastrana] "Finally, to increase the number of policemen. 
From now until the end of the century we must create 300,000 
new jobs for policemen." 
  Commenting on the mayor of Bogota, they both commented on 
how 
he should be above party interests. Both committed themselves 
to expanding Bogota's highway program. They seemed divided on 
the issue of financing the subway, but Pastrana admitted that 
the nation must contribute to this. They were so alike that 
they both had the same answer when asked how they were different. 
  [Samper] "I think I have much more specific proposals on 
city 
and public security issues." 
  [Pastrana] "I think I was more specific on the topic of 
security." 
  The newsmen explained why there was no real debate. 
  [First unidentified reporter] "It was a presentation of 
ideas, rather than a debate. There was no controversy." 
  [Second unidentified reporter] "Yes, it appeared to be an 
exposition of ideas. They appear to be speaking the same 
language and have absolutely minimal differences." 
  [Third unidentified reporter] "Yes, they really did not 
define their differences." 
  Some people said the debate was so cold that it made them 
sleepy. 

