BFN 

  [Text] In accordance with the method of managing the 
accreditation of foreign businessmen's investment assets, which 
was issued jointly by the State Commodity Inspection Bureau and 
the Ministry of Finance, foreign businessmen investing in our 
province should apply with the provincial commodity inspection 
bureau for asset accreditation certificates as of 1 May. 
  As our province opens wider to the outside world, the number 
of foreign businessmen investing in our province has increased. 
They have played a positive role in promoting our province's 
economic development. As far as their investment assets are 
concerned, however, as in other parts of the country, there are 
such problems as reporting low-priced goods as high-priced ones 
and substituting good-quality goods with substandard ones. 
According to an assessment of the assets of 82 foreign 
businesses which was conducted last year by the provincial 
commodity inspection bureau, of assets reported as being worth 
$11.68 million, after inspection and verification, were found to 
be worth $9.97 million, with the gap amounting to $1.71 million. 
For various reasons, 90 percent of the current assets of 
foreign businessmen investing in our province have not been 
assessed and verified by any commodity inspection organ. There 
is no way to calculate the losses inflicted on the Chinese side. 
  To safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of 
investors 
and to establish a normal investment order, the State Commodity 
Inspection Bureau and the Ministry of Finance promulgated the 
method of managing the accreditation of foreign businessmen's 
investment assets. To implement the method effectively, the 
provincial commodity inspection bureau set up an accreditation 
office at the beginning of this year and provided it with 
professionals so as to make it easier for the office to carry 
out its work. 

