BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "RPC Television News" newscast] </F>
  [Text] Ricardo Ledezma, a member of Ruben Blades' campaign 
committee, has stressed that the leadership of the Papa Egoro 
Movement [MPE] is not under communist influence, nor does it 
maintain any type of relationship with Fidel Castro's Cuban 
Government. 
  Leo Gonzalez, a legislator for Molirena [Nationalist Liberal 
Republican Movement] stated that Fidel Castro's regime is 
allegedly coordinating and providing logistical support for 
members of the PRD [Democratic Revolutionary Party] and PRD 
dissidents who joined the MPE. Gonzalez says he has sent 
documents attesting to this to Foreign Minister Jose Raul Mulino 
for verification and for an investigation. Thus far, the 
Foreign Ministry has said nothing. 
  Meanwhile, Ricardo Ledezma said the accusations are 
unfounded. 
  [Begin recording] [Ledezma] An accusation is filed when 
there is proof to confirm the accusation. We believe these 
accusations are irresponsible, particularly in the final stages 
of the electoral period. We are in the final week of an 
electoral period that has been rather calm. It is dangerous to 
make accusations like these without clear evidence. 
  [Unidentified reporter] MPE has not had contact with Cuba or 
any Cubans during this election? 
  [Ledezma, laughing] No, there has been no contact. I have a 
couple of Cuban friends who have resided in Panama for many 
years. 
  [Reporter] Mr. Ledezma, there have been reports suggesting 
that the Italian Communist Party's flag is very similar to the 
MPE's. 
  [Ledezma] That is another example of manipulation. It is 
obvious this is a campaign orchestrated by the traditional 
political parties to prevent the triumph of decency in these 
elections. That is obvious. These matters are highly 
manipulated. Take for example the flag issue; the fact there 
are trees in the Communist Party's flag and our flag is 
insignificant. It is as if I took the flag of any other 
political party and associated it with 1,000 symbols that exist 
in this world only because they have the same colors or similar 
elements. In other words, this is so childish that the people 
can clearly see it is a smear campaign. [end recording] 

