Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Russian Defense Minister Pavel Grachev has warned 
against cuts in troop numbers to less than 1.9 Mn. Speaking in 
Moscow on Wednesday, he put the Army's current strength at 2.3 
Mn which is to be reduced by 200,000 this year. 
  Grachev said that a lack of financing was the main problem 
facing the Army at the moment. He said that the 
government-proposed military spending of only 46-47 percent of 
what was needed would make it impossible not only to implement 
Army reform, but also to maintain its combat readiness. Grachev 
spoke of wanting to fight for additional resources, stressing 
that both Yeltsin and the prime minister were well aware of the 
Army's problems. 
  The minister is unhappy over the implementation of the 
Russian-brokered ceasefire agreement for Nagorno-Karabakh that 
Armenia and Azerbaijan signed in Moscow. He blamed the setback 
largely on Baku. Grachev also spoke of having refused to meet 
the Armenian and Azeri defence chiefs arriving in Moscow on 
Tuesday until the two sides complied with the ceasefire 
agreement, which he described as a fair one. 
  The minister said he was supportive of the Partnership for 
Peace concept though Russia worked out its own parameters for 
participation. Unlike East European countries, he said, Russia 
has no plans of joining NATO, preferring closer cooperation with 
it instead. 

