BFN 

  [Text] Tallinn, Apr 15, BNS -- The overwhelming majority 
of the world's most influential countries at a CSCE session in 
Vienna on Apr. 14 made it clear that Russian troops must leave 
Estonia and Latvia by Aug. 31, 1994, the Estonian Foreign 
Ministry press office says. 
  Support for the Baltics' demand was expressed by the 
representatives of the European Union, the United States, the 
Nordic countries and countries of Central Europe. They also 
underscored that Russia had to abide by the commitments she had 
taken at international level, and that setting additional 
conditions for pulling out troops was unacceptable under the 
international law. 
  The CSCE meeting also criticized the Apr. 5 decree by 
Russian 
President Boris Yeltsin on establishing military bases in the 
CIS and Latvia. A demand was voiced that Yeltsin revoke the 
document. 
  Russia has announced that mentioning Latvia in the document 
was an oversight, which by now has been corrected, and that no 
military bases are to be set up in that Baltic country. Russia 
has also defined the radar station to remain under its control 
for a few more years in Skrunda, Latvia, as a civilian facility. 
  The issue of Russian troop withdrawal was raised at the 
meeting by Estonia, who also brought to the meeting's attention 
the results of its 18th round of bilateral talks with Russia, 
having passed with no progress. 
  Russian representatives in Vienna answered by quoting the 
position that Russia has stuck to at the latest rounds of talks 
with Estonia, the Foreign Ministry press office says. Moscow 
demands that Estonia granted permanent residence permits 
unconditionally to all retired Russian military and their family 
members in Estonia, and paid 23 million USD to build houses for 
the repatriated officers. 
  The Russian delegation declined to comment on the Apr. 5 
decree of President Yeltsin. 

