BFN 

    [Editorial Report] The following is a compilation of 
reports on economic activities monitored through 5 May. 
  The Industry and Commerce Secretariat reported that non- 
traditional exports totalled $76 million in the first quarter, 
an increase of 72 percent compared with the same period last 
year, when it was $44 million. (La Paz LA RAZON in Spanish 26 
Apr 94 p B5) 
  The Bolivian Central Bank, BCB, reported that the foreign 
reserve account registered a $18 million deficit in the first 
quarter. Income totalled $365 million, while expenses rose to 
$383.1 million. (Santa Cruz EL MUNDO in Spanish 26 Apr 94 p 9) 
  The BCB reported that the debt owed to private banks dropped 
from $672.4 million to $9.8 million in five years as a result of 
the effective negotiations conducted by the government with its 
creditors. (La Paz LA RAZON in Spanish 29 Apr 94 Economic 
Section p B2) 
  Edmundo Salvatierra, Bolivian Government Oil Deposits 
industrial manager, reported that the average daily oil 
production in Chapare rose from 6,500 to 7,100 barrels in the 
past few weeks. The Chapare hydrocarbons fields also produce 60 
million cubic feet of gas daily. (Santa Cruz EL MUNDO in Spanish 
28 Apr 94 National Section p 5) 
  Bolivian Private Business Confederation President Carlos de 
Chaza reported that private investment increased 300 percent 
between 1988 and 1992, totalling $420 million through 1992. (La 
Paz HOY in Spanish 28 Apr 94 Economic Section p 18) 
  National Statistics Institute President Luis Jemio reported 
that the economy grew 4.4 percent in the year's first quarter. 
The industry, agriculture, livestock, mining, transport, and 
hydrocarbons sectors registered increases. (Madrid EFE in 
Spanish 2035 GMT 30 Apr 94) 

