Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Ibeth Vega G.] </F>
  [Text] Ernesto Perez Balladares, Revolutionary Democratic 
Party (PRD) presidential candidate, reiterated yesterday that 
the PRD will not revive militarism if the party returns to power 
after the 8 May 1994 elections. At the same time, he did not 
disavow the idea of an alliance with Solidarity [Party]. 
  Perez Balladares' statements were made during a PRD 
organized 
lunch meeting with media representatives that took place at a 
local restaurant. According to the PRD candidate, he would be 
very foolish to seek reinstating to the current Public Force 
those military officers charged with subversion and 
administrative corruption who were dismissed after the 20 
December invasion of Panama. He pointed out that there would be 
no type of vendetta against those who are in power today because 
the country can no longer tolerate selfish acts of that type. 
  Perez Balladares currently leads voter preference polls 
followed closely by Ruben Blades, singer and president of the 
Papa Egoro Party. However, PRD opponents accuse Perez 
Balladares of having cooperated with the former military regime 
headed by deposed dictator Manuel Antonio Noriega. 
  On the other hand, Perez Balladares did not discard the 
possibility of an alliance with Solidarity Party which several 
weeks ago structured an alliance with several Civic Crusade 
related parties. These parties have indicated repeatedly that 
they will not negotiate with parties that were at one time close 
to the military regime. At the same time, Guillermo Ford, vice 
president of the Republic and a Molirena [Nationalist Liberal 
Republica Movement] member, described the PRD as the real 
opposition of whom we must all beware. 

