Language: <F P=105> Hungarian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] Hungarian Foreign Minister Geza Jeszenszky has 
also participated in the 15 March [anniversary of the outbreak 
of the 1848 Hungarian War of Independence] celebration in 
Vojvodina. Here is Szilveszter Varga's report. 
  [Varga] [passage omitted] Referring to the current 
situation, 
the Hungarian foreign minister said at the celebration: 
  [Begin Jeszenszky recording] [passage omitted] Lajos Kossuth 
[leader of the 1848 Hungarian War of Independence] advocated 
lasting peace when, in emigration, he promulgated the idea of a 
Danube confederation and this lasting peace is advocated today 
by all European and world bodies. The principles are there, and 
the documents are ready too--only the signatures are needed. 
  On behalf of the Hungarian Government I can say with full 
responsibility that the Hungarian Government, the Hungarian 
nation has drafted this document, this peace document and we are 
ready to sign it--only the countersignature needs to be put on 
it next to ours. We are waiting for that countersignature by 
those in power today--here [in Serbia] too. We are waiting for 
them to sign [as an undertaking that they would grant] those 
rights, which their own heroes demanded in Sremski Karlovci and 
elsewhere in 1848. 
  If they sign these rights then there will be peace in the 
entire Danube region and the others will be able to shake with 
good intent the outstretched hand of the Hungarian Government 
and the Hungarian nation. [end recording] [passage omitted] 

