BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by ITAR-TASS correspondent] </F>
  [Text] Moscow 28 April TASS--Chairman of the CIS 
Interparliamentary Assembly Vladimir Shumeyko spoke in favour of 
setting up a permanent council of heads of former Soviet 
republics' news agencies. He believes this council can be 
created within the framework of the already existing CIS 
institutions. 
  "We should not lose the single information space," Shumeyko 
told today heads of CIS news agencies, who had gathered in a 
meeting in Moscow. Even if we make significant economic 
progress, we will not achieve integration without preserving the 
single information space, the interparliamentary assembly chief 
stressed. 
  Taking part in the meeting, which is being held at ITAR-TASS 
news agency, are delegations from Armenia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, 
Kirgizia [Kyrgyzstan], Moldavia [Moldova], Russia, Tajikistan, 
Turkmenia [Turkmenistan], Uzbekistan and Ukraine, as well as 
embassy officials. 
  Peoples should be drawn closer together, Shumeyko said, by 
no 
means infringing upon the sovereignty of newly-independent 
states. Economic development of each country is the basis of the 
economic union, and the interparliamentary assembly is to play a 
significant role in this process. The commonwealth has already 
advanced considerably. Over 500 documents have been passed over 
the past two years, although some of them do not work. For this 
reason, Russian President Boris Yeltsin suggested "revising 
these documents and developing a concept of the commonwealth," 
according to Shumeyko. The draft concept is expected to be 
considered this coming autumn. Shumeyko believes, the 
parliaments of CIS member-countries should bring their 
legislative acts in line with one another with a view to 
facilitate customs, visa and other conditions to promote mutual 
integration. 

