BFN 

  [Text] Finally this evening, the National Assembly of 
Suriname has given the government permission to apply for 
political membership of Caricom [Caribbean Community], however, 
membership to the Common Market was also approved based on 
certain conditions. Their National Assembly now wants to know 
the effects of the Common Market on the Surinamese economy and 
the Suriname foreign affairs minister is to deliberate that 
issue with Caricom. Marion Riedewald reports: 
  [Begin Riedewald recording] At the moment only three percent 
of Suriname's imports are from the Caricom. Opposition member 
(Winston Jeshelin) criticized Minister Soebhas Mungra of foreign 
affairs, who said that Suriname doesn't have to fear being 
flooded by Caribbean products. (Jeshelin) said that Suriname's 
membership of the Common Market means the promotion of trade in 
both directions. He still fears some negative consequences of 
Suriname's membership of the Common Market. Based on the three 
percent trade between Suriname and the Caribbean, he estimates 
that the country yearly will earn $343 million less from import 
tax. 
  (Jeshelin) also wants to know how Suriname will pay the 
yearly contribution of $700,000 to Caricom. He says that 
production facilities in Suriname first must be improved before 
the country seeks markets for its export products. According to 
him, Caricom lacks those markets. (Jeshelin) fears that a 
budgetary deficit will increase as a result of effects of the 
Common Market. Minister Mungra said that expansion of markets 
will lower the cost of production. 
  The National Assembly authorized the government to apply for 
political membership of the Caricom and deliberate about the 
conditions to enter the Common Market. [end recording] 

