BFN 

  [Text] Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin returned 
to Moscow today. As you know, he was in Germany where he 
underwent a medical examination. Here is what the prime 
minister answered to questions from journalists at the airport 
today. 
  [Begin recording] [Unidentified correspondent] Viktor 
Stepanovich, how are you? 
  [Chernomyrdin] Why, I'm feeling O.K., can't you see from the 
way I look? 
  [Correspondent] What about your immediate plans, Viktor 
Stepanovich? What are you going to do today and tomorrow? 
  [Chernomyrdin] [laughs] Well, I intend to complete some 
things I started in Sochi. Next week there will be many serious 
things to do -- meetings, another working visit. Now that I'm 
home I'll start working. 
  [Correspondent] You probably heard during your vacation 
about 
publications in the press concerning your possible resignation 
and so on. Do you not think that a very curious thing can be 
observed: As soon as the president goes on vacation, an 
incomprehensible version emerges [as heard]; as soon as you go 
on vacation rumors about a resignation and changes in the 
Cabinet appear. Whose interests do you think are served by this? 
  [Chernomyrdin] There are some who want to rock us all the 
time and keep the whole society, the whole country in a state of 
tension. These forces do exist. It is such a torment for the 
president, who cannot leave, cannot go anywhere, because 
fabrications and lies spring up immediately. Now they have 
reached me, too. 
  I am not really intent on staying in one place, but to stoop 
to such a mean trick -- I just cannot find any other word -- 
this is too much. 
  [Correspondent] Today, the president sided with Moscow Mayor 
Yuriy Luzhkov in the dispute [with Anatoliy Chubays] over the 
privatization program. Do you know anything about this? 
  [Chernomyrdin] One cannot turn a dispute between two leaders 
into a conflict, as it were, on a nationwide scale. What 
matters is something completely different. What exactly? We 
only have one Moscow, and no doubt Moscow requires a special 
approach. What are the differences, very briefly? First, Yuriy 
Mikhaylovich [Luzhkov] insists on conducting cash-based 
privatization in Moscow. Quite rightly. The country in general 
is moving toward it, toward cash-based privatization, from 1 
July. But to change the rules of the game now, while the game 
is in progress, to change them for the whole country -- I 
believe that is not quite the right thing. As for Moscow, we 
will probably provide special terms, so that it can move to that 
stage earlier. The country in general will move to it from 1 
July. There are also other peculiarities, which are acceptable 
for Moscow, but not, at this juncture, for the country in 
general. So here I cannot agree with Yuriy Mikhaylovich in 
every respect. [Anatoliy] Chubays is my deputy, the program has 
been drawn up and approved by the government, and we will be 
carrying out this program. [end recording] 

