Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, Feb. 21 (YONHAP) -- Nearly 200 Koreans and 
Japanese formed a "gathering to guarantee the lives and human 
rights of Korean returnees to North Korea" here on Sunday. The 
gathering was held amid revelations that ethnic Korean returnees 
to North Korea from Japan under the Pyongyang Government's 
repatriation project have been oppressed by authorities. 
  It pledged to investigate the living conditions of the 
returnees and their Japanese wives and children, and to appeal 
to the Japanese parliament and the United Nations to ensure that 
North Korea does not violate their human rights. 
  At the meeting, professor of Tokyo University Haruhisa Ogawa 
was reading a message to declare its purpose when some youths, 
who appeared to be members of Chochongnyon, a pro-Pyongyang 
organization of Korean residents in Japan, shouted "we can not 
understand the name of the meeting," and "it is an intervention 
in (North Korea's) internal affairs." 
  The North Korean Red Cross and its Japanese counterpart 
agreed to arrange for Korean residents of Japan to return to 
North Korea beginning in 1959, and nearly 93,000 people had 
since returned to Pyongyang by the end of 1984. Among them, 
nearly 6,000 Japanese were included, mainly the wives of Korean 
men. Recently, however, there have been reports that some of the 
returnees who did not cooperate with Pyongyang were killed or 
went missing on suspicion they were spies. 

