BFN 

  [Text] According to the Shaoyang radio station, in our 
province's Shaodong County there have been close to 100,000 
peasants from outside our province setting up factories and 
doing business. The county -- dubbed a land of opportunity, 
where all trades and professions prosper -- already has 90,000 
individual industrial and commercial businesses and private 
enterprises, as well as a floating population of more than 
100,000 people doing business there everyday. In 1993, total 
income of individual and private enterprises amounted to 1.5 
billion or so, constituting 60 percent of the total income of 
the county's national economy, while the total volume of 
commodity retail sales accounted for 50 percent of the society's 
total volume of commodity retail sales, thus forming a regional 
superiority for the development of the individual and private 
economies. Making use of this superiority, the Shaodong County 
CPC Committee and government have created a relaxed environment 
to attract peasants from the other parts of the country to 
settle down in the county. In addition, with a view to helping 
promote the development of productive forces, they have 
formulated numerous policies and measures to attract investment, 
and have successively invested over 30 million yuan to open 51 
market fairs throughout the county, thus forming a multifunction 
and multilayer market network with the Shaodong manufactured 
goods market, which has transactions amounting to 300 million 
yuan a year, as the dragon's head and 10 major specialized 
markets as the backbone elements. 
  After seeing that the environment was relaxed and the 
weather 
was delightful, the peasants who had come to Shaodong to do 
business settled down in the county to operate businesses, one 
after another, and some even moved their families there. The 
number of peasants from Zhejiang Province who settled down to do 
business in Shangdong's manufactured goods markets alone was 600 
households or more, and their business is growing more and more 
brisk. 

