Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Bratislava Feb 1 (CTK) -- The Czech side 
"concealed" 18 seagoing ships during the split of the 
Czechoslovak Shipping Company (CNP), Slovak Transport, 
Communications and Public Works Minister Roman Hofbauer told 
journalists today. 
  He said he did not consider the question of the split of the 
Czechoslovak Airlines (CSA) and the CNP to be a closed one, 
adding, however, that the CSA was privatised by the Federal 
Government. When the Czech Government finally owned up to the 
ships, it marked out 12 of them as having zero balance value, he 
said. 
  The Slovak Government today approved a report on the federal 
property settlement. Three agreements concerning the split of 
the Czechoslovak National Bank assets, golden bullion, federal 
state deficit and the final agreement are yet to be signed. 
  The government also passed a draft document on railway 
transport subsidies. The two million crowns (60,000 USD) 
earmarked for the railways will only benefit passenger 
transport, Hofbauer said, adding that freight transport has been 
functioning on a commercial basis. 
  The government approved a road transport bill that would 
create room for competition, Hofbauer said, adding that he 
believed the bill to be "fully compatible" with similar 
documents passed by the European Union countries. 

