BFN 

  [Text] Washington, 3 May (EFE) -- Chile will begin late 
this month preliminary negotiations for a possible bilateral 
trade agreement with the United States or for joining NAFTA, 
which is made up of the United States, Mexico, and Canada. 
  Finance Minister Eduardo Aninat announced today in 
Washington 
the beginning of the formal negotiations after meeting for one 
hour with U.S. Trade Representative Michael Kantor. 
  After meeting with Kantor and other high U.S. officials, 
Aninat said: "We are very satisfied with the environment we 
found, because Chile will be the first country to negotiate an 
agreement with the United States." 
  Aninat disclosed that the official negotiations may begin in 
the middle of this year. 
  Aninat confirmed the will of the Bill Clinton administration 
to make Chile the first Latin American country to negotiate a 
bilateral trade agreement or even to join NAFTA. 
  Aninat reported that the purpose of the preliminary 
meetings, 
which will begin late in May among experts and will continue 
over the next few months, is to study trade issues, the 
treatment of investment protection, and foreign investment 
regulations both in Chile and in the United States. 
  Aninat also added that other technical meetings will be held 
in the next few months in Santiago and in Washington to study 
other issues, such as the protection of the environment, and to 
compare labor legislation. 
  Aninat said that on these issues Chile has no problems, 
because it already has legislation in force that is comparable 
to U.S. legislation. 
  Before the beginning of the formal meetings, which will 
probably begin in mid-September, Chile and the United States 
would like "to shorten the path" that may lead to an agreement 
to be signed in January 1995 "at the latest." 

