BFN 

  [Text] A rural economic survey team recently conducted 
investigations and studies in 3,360 peasant households in 32 
counties, cities, prefectures, and special zones. The results 
of the investigations show that in 1993, the surplus rural labor 
force in our province markedly quickened its pace in flowing 
into the secondary and tertiary industries. In 1993, 1.473 
million persons transferred to the secondary and tertiary 
industries, an increase of 221 percent over 1992. 
  The main features of the surplus labor force flow were: 
  The percentage of the female labor force which transferred 
was greater than that of the male labor force. Over the whole 
year, more than 860,000 males and 940,000 females transferred, 
up 196 percent and 232 percent respectively over 1992. In the 
past, labor transferring to other areas consisted mainly of 
unmarried women. Now young married women also vie with one 
another to take part in the labor force exodus. Of the more 
than 2,600 working women from Yantong Town of Jinsha County, 
nearly 800 were married. As for the surplus peasant work force, 
544,000 persons worked in other provinces, an increase of more 
than 400 percent over 1992. 
  In the past, surplus labor transferring to sectors other 
than 
agriculture mainly flowed into secondary industry. But last 
year more than 670,000 persons transferred to tertiary industry, 
214 percent more than in 1992. The fact that agricultural labor 
is flowing into nonagricultural sectors has not only increased 
peasants' incomes, but also expanded the collective economy. 
According to the results of investigations conducted in 17 
townships and towns, including Yinya Township of Guiyang City 
and Nanbai Town of Zunyi County, of a work force totaling 
336,300, 62,800 had transferred to secondary and tertiary 
industries, accounting for 18.76 percent of the total labor 
force. Production output value created by the above-mentioned 
62,800 persons accounted for 76 percent of the total rural 
social production output value, more than 13 times the 
production output value of agriculture. 
  According to investigations, in 1993 47,000 persons in 
Zhengan County went to work in other provinces, and their total 
incomes reached 33 million yuan. After deducting their own 
expenses, they remitted more than 20 million yuan to their home 
county [words indistinct]. The total income of Jinsha County 
peasants working in other provinces reached more than 100 
million yuan, accounting for about one-third of the total net 
income of the peasants of the whole county. 
  Generally speaking, it was beneficial to transfer our 
province's labor force to other areas last year. However, 
problems also existed. The main problem was that the cultural 
quality of our exported labor was comparatively low, and that 
the percentage of illiterate or semi-illiterate persons was 
comparatively great. Only a small percentage of our exported 
labor had received various kinds of professional training. In 
addition, 22.24 percent of our exported labor force was sent 
back in the same year. 

