BFN 

<F P=106> [Artem Vetrov report in the "Chechnya" column: "Groznyy </F>
Accuses Russia of Organizing an Attempt on Dzhokhar Dudayev's 
Life"] 
  [Excerpts] Yesterday in Groznyy the Chechnya Foreign 
Ministry circulated a statement accusing Russia of elevating 
terrorism to the rank of state policy and saying that Chechnya 
"under no circumstances will resort to retaliatory terror." The 
attempt on President Dzhokhar Dudayev's life on 27 May, the 
statement stressed, was the latest in a series of terrorist acts 
conducted by Russia's special services in the three years of the 
Chechen state's existence. [passage omitted] 
  According to Chechen Press and Information Minister Movladi 
Udugov in an interview with an INTERFAX correspondent, 
preliminary examination has established that "this type of 
explosive device and its components are used for sabotage and 
terrorist purposes by the special services of the KGB, the 
Federal Counterintelligence Service, the Russian Foreign 
Intelligence Service, and others." On Saturday the Chechnya 
cabinet of ministers, chaired by President Dzhokhar Dudayev, 
held an emergency session and imposed a curfew in the republic. 
May 29 was declared a day of mourning in the republic. 
Yesterday the statement came out accusing Russia and asserting 
that, "taking cover behind false words about democracy, the 
Russian leadership is systematically and purposefully working to 
undermine Chechnya's sovereignty. All this is happening amid 
reports about pending talks between Boris Yeltsin and Dzhokhar 
Dudayev, but no such proposals have come to the Chechnya 
leadership through official channels." According to 
representatives of the Chechnya Foreign Ministry, the true 
intentions of the Russian leadership consist in "backstage 
contacts between highly-placed Russian officials and dubious 
personalities who have compromised themselves with antinational 
actions in the Chechen Republic." 

