BFN 

  [Text] President Hashemi-Rafsanjani, while expressing 
condolences on the innocent martyrdom of the pilgrims of the 
Haram-e Imam Reza, may peace be upon him, in the hands of 
anti-revolutionary and savage people, stated that this bitter 
incident on Ashura day, when the Iranian people's attentions 
were focused on Karbala, showed more clearly the nasty nature of 
the enemy of Islam and Monafeqin [Mojahedin-e Khalq 
Organization, MKO] and caused great shame to their supporters 
who have given them safety and provided them with propaganda 
means and possibilities; and backs them. 
  Our country's president who was speaking this morning at a 
meeting with the officials of the Ministry of Housing and Urban 
Development and Housing Foundation, added that the Muslim nation 
of Iran has experienced such difficult and bitter incidents 
before, however, this shocking crime of such magnitude, and in a 
holy place next to the sacred tomb of Imam Reza, may peace be 
upon him, created a new situation of bitterness among our people. 
  Hashemi-Rafsanjani stressed that this shows the foolishness 
and height of their evilness to slaughter the pilgrims of Imam 
Reza who had come with great difficulties from various villages 
and cities to visit the holy shrine and were engaged in 
performing their prayers. This action will further increase the 
awareness and loyalty of the people and is proof of the 
rightfulness of the sacred regime of the Islamic Republic of 
Iran. 
  At this meeting, which was held on the occasion of the 
anniversary of the earthquake that occurred in Gaylan and 
Zanjan, the president said that planting a bomb and killing 
innocent people in a place where there has never been security 
obstacles does not require guerrilla power and bravery, and 
proves only their lack of goal and savagery. 

