BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed report: "Criminal Charges Against Macedonian </F>
Church"] 
  [Text] Pahomije, bishop of Vranje and administrator of the 
eparchies of the so-called Serbian Orthodox Church in Macedonia 
[The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia -- FYROM] stated 
canon criminal charges would be brought against the Macedonian 
Church at the Great Church Court, unless the Macedonian Church 
re-enters the canon union with its sister church in Serbia. 
This would mean the defrocking of all Macedonian metropolitans 
and the church excommunication of Macedonian believers. The 
goal of forming eparchies in Macedonia had been to protect the 
basic human and religious rights of the Serbs there, which are 
being violated, Pahomije said in his interview for the Belgrade 
paper POLITIKA. They also aimed to reveal the Holy See's 
intention to place the Macedonian Church under its jurisdiction, 
he added. The decision to bring criminal charges against the 
Macedonian Church will be delivered to its head, Father Mihail 
in person by a Serbian delegation, Pahomije [words indistinct]. 
  Meanwhile, the A1 television reports the Holy Synod of the 
Macedonian Church claims it has not received any letter or 
facsimile informing it of such a decision. The Holy Synod will 
discuss its relations with the Serbian Church at its next 
Wednesday session. 

