Language: <F P=105> Japanese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From NIHON KEIZAI SHIMBUN 16 February Morning Edition] </F>
  [Text] Akira Yamagishi, chairman of Rengo [Japanese Trade 
Union Confederation], held a news conference at Rengo's 
headquarters on 15 February. Commenting on Prime Minister 
Morihiro Hosokawa's expressed desire to reshuffle the cabinet 
soon, Yamagishi said, "This is not desirable. There is the 
danger of creating turmoil at a time of peace," stressing his 
negative view of the plan. He cited the following reasons for 
his negative attitude: 1) a mistake in carrying out the 
reshuffle may cause a crack in the political base of the 
coalition government; 2) it is too early because the cabinet was 
formed only six months ago; and 3) right now, the important 
thing is to pass the third supplementary budget and the fiscal 
1994 budget as soon as possible. He hoped to strongly dissuade 
the prime minister, saying "the prime minister cannot do 
whatever he wants to the extent of ignoring the wishes of the 
ruling coalition parties." 
  Regarding talk of Chairman Tomiichi Murayama of the Social 
Democratic Party of Japan [SDPJ], the only leader of the ruling 
parties who is not a cabinet member, joining the administration 
in the event of an early cabinet reshuffle, Yamagishi said, 
"This is possible. It is necessary to take the incumbent 
chairman hostage (as a cabinet member) to make sure the SDPJ 
will never say it will leave the coalition." 

