Language: <F P=105> Armenian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The Catholicos of All the Armenians Vazgen I sent a 
letter to President of Armenia Levon Ter-Petrosyan in which he 
expressed his concern and anguish over the Karabakh war, which 
is exacting enormous losses both from among the Armenian freedom 
fighters defending Karabakh and from the Azerbaijanis. 
  The Armenian patriarch notes that during his meeting with 
Azerbaijan's Sheikh-ul-Islam Pashazade in Switzerland and then 
in Moscow, they issued a joint statement calling on the 
conflicting sides to end the war. However, that call has so far 
produced no result. The Russian Orthodox Church Patriarch 
Aleksiy II sent a letter to the Catholicos with the same 
comments. 
  At the conclusion of his letter to the Armenian president, 
the Catholicos of All the Armenians writes: This is the mission 
that we are trying to fulfill by writing this letter to you and 
to our fatherland's government, by calling on you, Mr. 
president, to avail yourself of your prestigious position and 
act as a mediator to assist in the peaceful resolution of the 
distressful Karabakh problem. We believe that this is also the 
wish of our afflicted people living in the fatherland. We 
wholeheartedly wish patriotic energy and noble inspiration to 
you and to the Republic's government and parliament to reach the 
harbor of peace. 
  [Signed] With blessings, Vazgen I, the Catholicos of All the 
Armenians. 

