BFN 

    [Editorial Report] Ankara Turkiye Radyolari Network in 
Turkish at 2000 GMT on 4 May reports that "in Hakkari's 
Yuksekova District, security forces seized 14 kg and 188 grams 
of heroin. Four persons were caught in connection with the 
incident. The heroin was found buried in the garden of a house." 
  Ankara TRT Television Network in Turkish at 1000 GMT on 6 
May, in an announcer-read report over video, notes: "Three 
persons were caught in Istanbul for trying to smuggle narcotics, 
including 1 kg of heroin, a certain quantity of hashish, and a 
revolver out of the country. According to the Istanbul Security 
Directorate, acting on a tip-off, narcotics teams stopped a 
passenger bus en route to Austria at the Mahmutbey toll gate. A 
person was found to be carrying 1 kg of heroin. His 
interrogation led to the capture of another two suspects, who 
supplied and sent the heroin abroad. Searches in the two 
suspects' houses revealed a certain quantity of hashish, one 
revolver, and 10 rounds belonging to the revolver." 
  Ankara TRT Television Network in Turkish at 1000 GMT on 7 
May, in an announcer-read report over video, reveals that "In 
operations carried out in Diyarbakir 7 kg of heroin, 47 kg of 
powder hashish, and 600 grams of base morphine were seized. 
During the operations, the security forces also seized one 
Kalashnikov rifle and five pistols. Ten persons have been 
caught. According to information received from the Security 
Directorate, the heroin was found hidden in a truck. The other 
drugs and weapons were found when the operations were extended." 

