BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, June 3 (KCNA) -- The plenary meeting of 
the Central Committee of the Korean Social Democratic Party held 
in Pyongyang on Thursday discussed the tasks of the party to 
carry into practice the proposal for the convocation of a 
national conference on the occasion of August 15, which was 
proposed at a joint meeting of the government, political parties 
and public organisations of the Democratic People's Republic of 
Korea on April 11. 
  A report by Kim Pyong-sik, chairman of the Central Committee 
of the Korean Social Democratic Party, was followed by speeches. 
  The plenary meeting noted that the convocation of a national 
conference proposed by the joint meeting is a practical step to 
implement the ten-point programme of the great unity of the 
whole nation and that it is a patriotic and very timely measure 
reflecting the demand of the times and national desire to get 
through the difficulties created in Korea at present and open up 
a phase of turnabout for the peace and peaceful reunification of 
the country this year, a year before the 50th anniversary of 
national liberation. And it denounced the criminal act of the 
Kim Yong-sam clique in taking an unreasonable stand toward the 
proposal. 
  Stressing the conference must be convened on the occasion of 
the August 15, the plenary meeting said the Korean Social 
Democratic Party would in the future continue widely explaining 
and propagandizing the ten-point programme at home and abroad 
and make every possible effort to realise contact and dialogue 
with political parties, organisations and individual figures in 
South Korea and overseas and work hard to create domestic and 
international circumstances favourable for the convocation of 
the conference. 
  It called upon all the political parties, politicians and 
people of all walks of life in South Korea to actively turn out 
in the patriotic struggle for the convocation of a national 
conference which would pave a short cut to reunification by 
concerted efforts of the nation, transcending the differences in 
ideology, idea, political view and religious belief. 
  The plenary meeting adopted a relevant resolution. 

