BFN 

  [Text] The Presidential Council in the Democratic Republic 
of Yemen [DRY] has welcomed the statement of the chairman of the 
Security Council and the U.S. State Department, and the 
declaration of al-Akhdar al-Ibrahimi, the UN envoy, concerning 
the full and unconditional commitment to the cease-fire. It 
declared that it will strictly abide by it, and expressed hope 
that the aggressor will cease fire, and stop reinforcement of 
its forces. It added that experiences had proved to the world 
that we have truly complied with the Security Council Resolution 
No. 924 immediately -- it was issued on 1st June 1994, and that 
the Sanaa regime indicated its compliance only on the mass 
media, while it ordered its forces to continue its aggression. 
This is proved by the voice of the head of the Sanaa regime. 
[sentence as received] Therefore, we repeated the necessity of 
the immediate arrival of international observers to control the 
cease-fire and disclose any violations. The Presidential 
Council said that the Security Council Resolution No. 924 and 
the statement of its chairman and the U.S. State Department did 
not put any conditions for the implementation of this 
resolution, while the Sanaa regime is putting preconditions 
which are unacceptable to all. We also declare our preparedness 
to facilitate the mission of the al-Akhdar al-Ibrahimi, and 
cooperate with him in the capital, Aden, while the Sanaa regime 
is delaying him in Sanaa and reinforcing its front positions, 
and moving its hardware in order to continue its aggression. 
  As we declare our commitment to the security council 
resolution, the Sanaa regime continues to launch air raids on 
the vital establishments, including Aden airport, in order to 
hinder its traffic and prevent the arrival of the UN envoy in 
Aden. It also shells at random the civil quarters in Aden and 
the vital establishments. 

