BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, June 20 (KCNA) -- The 30th anniversary of 
the start of work by the dear leader Comrade Kim Chong-il at the 
Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea (June 19, 1964) 
was grandly celebrated in the Democratic People's Republic of 
Korea. 
  On this occasion a grand national meeting was held at the 
February 8 House of Culture on June 18, seminars of the party 
cadres training centres, social science, education and working 
people's organizations and other sectors and provincial seminars 
were held and a national symposium on June 16. 
  The meeting, seminars and symposium laid stress on the great 
feats performed by Comrade Kim Chong-il in party work and 
activities, socialist construction, the building of the 
revolutionary Armed Forces, and in accomplishing the cause of 
national reunification and international revolution with his 
outstanding and tested leadership. 
  On June 18 an evening of Pyongyang students and youth took 
place at the Kim Il-song Square to celebrate the 30th 
anniversary of the start of work by Comrade Kim Chong-il at the 
Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea and the whole 
country was in a festive mood with colorful functions including 
a performance of music and dance poem "Korea, I Will Glorify 
Thee," fine arts and photo exhibitions commemorating the 30th 
anniversary. A film week was set and films depicting the feats 
of his leadership were shown at theatres and cinema houses. 
  Stamps commemorating the 30th anniversary were published. 
  Slogans, party flags and large posters were put up in 
streets 
and villages across the country and a large number of working 
people enjoyed the holiday at Mangyongdae, Taesongsan and 
Moranbong Parks and recreation grounds. 
  The whole party, the entire people and the whole Army are 
now 
filled with absolute worship of the dear leader Comrade Kim 
Chong-il who has turned the country into a strong socialist 
country with invincible defence power by wisely leading the 
party work and the socialist construction as a whole over the 
past 30 years. 
  The Korean people are now vigorously advancing to accomplish 
the revolutionary cause of chuche under his leadership, bearing 
in mind the great national luck of holding him in high esteem at 
the head of the party and revolution. 

