CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by K. G. Grigoryev, Moscow State University imeni </F>
M. V. Lomonosov; UDC 629.195.3] 
  [Abstract] The most rapid maneuvers of a spacecraft with a 
jet engine having a great but limited thrust in a gravity field 
in a vacuum with control of the thrust vector are analyzed. Such 
maneuvers have been inadequately examined in the literature. In 
this study they are analyzed on the basis of the so-called 
maximum principle. The influence of the admissible expenditures 
of mass on the character of the optimum trajectory is examined. 
Maneuvers with both limited expenditures and those not limited 
in advance are discussed. It is shown that in each of the 
problems of most rapid maneuvers there are three levels of 
limited expenditures of mass, dependent on the parameters of the 
problem: lower, corresponding to small expenditures, for which 
the problem has no solution; upper, corresponding to large 
expenditures or those not limited in advance, in which thrust is 
operative on the entire optimum trajectory and is maximum, but 
the maneuver is controlled by the orientation vector; 
intermediate, in which there can be changes in thrust with time 
or there are repeated engine firings. A method is proposed for 
numerical solution of such problems using a compromise 
"time-expenditures of mass" functional. The dependence of the 
solution on the admissible expenditures is illustrated in the 
example of the problem of most rapid transfers of spacecraft 
between coplanar circular orbits in the Earth's central 
Newtonian gravitational field. Figures 3; references 37: 36 
Russian, 1 Western. 

