Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, Feb. 3 KYODO -- The chief of Japan's 
largest labor union organization said Thursday [3 February] a 
plan to impose a 7 percent "national welfare tax" on goods and 
services from 1997 is not permissible. 
  Akira Yamagishi, president of the Japanese Trade Union 
Confederation (Rengo), released a statement in response to the 
new tax plan announced by Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa 
earlier in the day. 
  Yamagishi criticized the program as primarily a consumption 
tax hike from the current 3 percent. 
  "I am anxiously concerned that much confusion would take 
place if the government forcibly moves forward with the plan," 
the statement said. 
  He said the de facto consumption tax hike will have an 
adverse effect on pump-priming and it is unclear why the rate 
should be 7 percent. 
  He also said the "National Welfare Tax" is no different from 
the current consumption tax because it will not be used only for 
welfare under Hosokawa's plan. 
  Meanwhile, a top official of Rengo said Thursday the Social 
Democratic Party (SDP) has no choice but to secede from the 
coalition government. 
  The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, warned 
that the fiscal 1994 budget and tax reform bill may not pass 
through the Diet if the SDP leaves the government. In that case 
the Hosokawa administration is likely to collapse, the official 
said. 
  The SDP threatened Thursday to pull its six members from the 
cabinet unless the government amends its tax plan. 

