BFN 

<F P=106> [Report: "Jiang Zemin Visits Shenzhen, Discusses Problems </F>
Regarding Macroeconomic Regulation and Control"] 
  [Text] Just at the time of the second anniversary of Deng 
Xiaoping's work inspection in south China, CPC General Secretary 
Jiang Zemin arrived in Shenzhen on the morning of 19 June to 
conduct investigation and study there, following visits to other 
Guangdong cities, including Guangzhou, Zhongshan, Zhuhai, and so 
on. 
  It has been learned that Jiang Zemin was accompanied by 
leading Guangdong cadres, including Secretary Xie Fei, Governor 
Zhu Senlin, and others, during his visit to many places in the 
province. 
  As disclosed by a relevant authoritative source, the Fourth 
Session of the 14th CPC Central Committee will be held in the 
second half of this year, at which decisions will be made on 
such issues as the macroeconomic regulation and control of the 
socialist market economy and the transformation of large- and 
medium-sized state enterprises. In order to study the practice 
of macroeconomic regulation and control under market economy 
conditions and to gather firsthand information, many members of 
the Politburo of the Central Committee Standing Committee 
recently have conducted investigation and study one after 
another in various localities throughout the country. It is 
believed that General Secretary Jiang Zemin's current visit to 
various places in Guangdong, including Shenzhen, is precisely 
for the observation and study of these issues. 
  It also was disclosed that Jiang Zemin will stay in Shenzhen 
for approximately two or three days. Apart from paying some 
visits, he primarily will listen to reports by Shenzhen party 
and government leaders on the city's conditions concerning the 
in-depth reform, the national economic development and changes, 
and so on over the past two years or so. 

