Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] President Lennart Meri expressed his concern with 
the new year's greetings of Russian President Yeltsin, pointing 
out that Russia may introduce a "new and aggressive foreign 
policy" this year. Meri referred to a promise by President 
Yeltsin to the Russians living outside Russia to defend their 
"common interests" with more energy and resolution. 
  "Yeltsin's expressions and intonation give reason for 
suspicion that the democratic forces are too weak in Russia and 
Russia will adopt the aggressive foreign policy of the former 
Soviet Union," Meri said. He called for the Western countries to 
react this "unusual" speech and warned that the Russian 
leadership may exploit the extremist Zhirinovskiy's election 
success as a pretext for hard-line policy towards the former 
Soviet republics. Although Russia is entitled to concern for its 
citizens' safety, it would be impossible to imagine the 
Russians' interests in New York as belonging to Russia's sphere 
of interest, Meri pointed out in an interview to the Associated 
Press. He also drew parallels to the protection of "Russian 
minority" in 1939. 
  The Baltic states presidents made a joint statement on 
December 31. They called for President Yeltsin to keep his 
promise on the completion of the Russian troops withdrawal from 
Latvia and Estonia in 1994. The presidents also invited the 
world to contribute to the Russian military withdrawal. 

