Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Jerusalem, Feb 17 (AFP)--The Islamic Resistance 
Movement (Hamas) offered Thursday [17 February] to pardon any 
Palestinian collaborator if he kills his Israeli contact or 
helps in the murder. 
  'Izz-al-Din al-Qassam, the armed wing of the hardline Muslim 
fundamentalist group, said in a statement that it would give 
"protection and weapons" for "any repentant who kills his 
employer in the Israeli (secret) services." 
  Hamas claimed a former collaborator worked with militants to 
ambush and kill a member of the Shin Bet internal intelligence 
service and wound two others on the West Bank on Sunday. 
  Last November the fundamentalists, who have taken up arms to 
drive out Jews, announced that Palestinians who collaborate with 
the Israelis had two months to repent. 
  After the deadline the almost daily murders of alleged 
collaborators resumed in the occupied territories. 
  'Izz-al-Din al-Qassam said on Tuesday that the fasting month 
of Ramadan now underway would be marked by the murder of 
Israelis to avenge fallen Palestinian militants. 
  Thirteen Palestinians have been killed for suspected 
collaboration with Israel since the start of this month alone, 
and Hamas has claimed responsibility for most of them. 
  According to the army, about 1,000 Palestinians -- including 
many drug dealers, addicts, prostitutes and personal vendetta 
victims -- have been killed by fellow Palestinians since the 
intifadah or uprising began in December 1987. 
  Meanwhile an Israeli stabbed by a Palestinian near the West 
Bank town of Hebron on December 29, died of his wounds on 
Thursday. Yuval Golan was the 201st Israeli to be killed by 
Palestinians during the intifadah. 
  Some 1,179 Palestinians have died from Israeli bullets over 
the same period, according to an AFP toll. 

