BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondents Dmitriy Gorokhov and Konstantin </F>
Pribytkov] 
  [Texdt] Geneva, 14 May -- U.S. Secretary of State Warren 
Christopher has stated that a top-level meeting to discuss the 
problem of Bosnia is possible. Such a summit meeting between 
Russia, the United States, the European Union and the United 
Nations "might be desirable," if there is progress toward a 
settlement. He expressed this view to journalists today after 
his talks with Andrey Kozyrev. 
  Warren Christopher recalled that Presidents Boris Yeltsin 
and 
Bill Clinton will meet in Naples in July, when the leaders of 
the seven leading Western countries and Russia gather there. As 
for a summit meeting on Bosnia, a specific date for holding one 
was not discussed at the ministerial meeting in Geneva on 13 
May. However, if the sides consider it necessary, it would be 
possible to arrange summit talks. The deciding factor in this 
will be the "degree of success" of joint moves toward a 
settlement. 
  Andrey Kozyrev stated in his conversation with press 
representatives that the U.S. secretary of state had "spoken 
perhaps for the first time in such a clear way of the need to 
prepare for a summit meeting on Bosnia." Only at this level, 
the Russian minister thinks, can the most complex problems 
relating to the Bosnia crisis be finally resolved. A meeting 
must certainly be well prepared. 

