Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Zvornik, Feb 3 (TANJUG) -- Moslems are exercising 
terror over Serbian and Croatian civilians in Tarcin, a locality 
in central Bosnia-Herzegovina, and plan to use them as a human 
shield in the offensive prepared against local Croat armed 
formations, Bosnian Serb military sources learnt from Bosnian 
Croat forces. The sources affirmed on Thursday [3 February] 
that many Serbs and Croats are incarcerated in Tarcin, while the 
rest have been moved to Zabrdje and Kiseljak, near Sarajevo, 
where they are forced to perform fortifications for the needs of 
Moslem armed forces. 
  According to the Croatian Defense Council (HVO), Moslems 
forces are planning in that region to use Serbian and Croatian 
prisoners as a human shield when they try to recapture from 
Bosnian Croats certain positions. Bosnian Serb military sources 
affirmed also that about one hundred Serbian families remaining 
in Zavidovici, a locality under Moslem control in central 
Bosnia-Herzegovina, are being terrorized and in danger of being 
massacred, if international especially humanitarian 
organizations do not come to their rescue in the shortest 
possible time. The sources, citing refugees who managed to 
escape, stress that the Serbian population in Zavidovici is 
constantly threatened by blackmail and brutal torture, while all 
the men even the ill are forcibly engaged by Moslem military and 
civilian authorities. 
  Serbs in Zavidovici, according to eye witness accounts, have 
been robbed of all valuable property, and Moslem authorities are 
excluding them from the distribution of international 
humanitarian aid. 

