Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by ITAR-TASS correspondent Anatoliy Yurkin] </F>
  [Text] Moscow 30 Mar, TASS -- The situation in the Kodor 
gorge has stabilised. No major fighting was reported. Only 
sporadic gun fire breaks out occasionally between Georgian units 
staying in the upper part of the gorge, Nikolay Dzhonua, 
Abkhazian deputy defence minister, told ITAR-TASS on Wednesday. 
  The press service of the Abkhazian Supreme Soviet said that 
the operation to block and drive Georgian subversive groups out 
of the Kodor gorge has been completed. 
  The press service said that the situation along the Inguri 
river remains tense. The Georgian side continues shelling 
Abkhazian villages and sending out subversive groups to 
Abkhazia. Despite this, life in the Gali District is returning 
back to normal. About 30,000 refugees have returned to the 
district, the local tea packing factory will reopen soon. 
Electricity supplies have been resumed. There is still a 
shortage of medics and medicines. 
  Meanwhile, Georgian sources assess the events in the Kodor 
gorge as Abkhazia's attempt to prepare for receiving a 
reinforcement from north Caucasian republics this summer. The 
Georgian Defence Ministry said that the road passing through the 
gorge is the safest route for Abkhazian troops and helicopters 
as mountains cover them from Georgian guns. It also said that 
Abkhazian troops continue shelling villages lying high in the 
mountains. 

