BFN 

  [Text] Bonn (DPA) -- A serious leadership crisis seems to 
be on the horizon in the right-wing extremist Republikaner 
party. On Tuesday [31 May] Udo Boesch, the Republikaner's 
federal organization manager, became the second leading member 
to leave the party within a brief period. In his letter of 
resignation, which has been obtained by DPA, Boesch justified 
his break with the Republikaner by pointing out that Chairman 
Franz Schoenhuber's public distancing from "neo-Nazi ideas" 
proves to be just empty words in internal party life. 
  Following the resignation of Federal Secretary Martina 
Rosenberger, Boesch is the second high-ranking Republikaner 
functionary who publicly refuses to follow Schoenhuber. In his 
letter of resignation Boesch adds that Schoenhuber is 
participating "in a masterly way in intrigues that are solely 
intended to consolidate his own power" instead of showing the 
will to shape policy. Furthermore, the Republikaner have not 
taken the step toward a democratic program party, the retired 
lieutenant colonel wrote to Schoenhuber. After about two years 
as organization manager, security adviser, and member of the 
federal election campaign leadership, he had realized that 
Schoenhuber uses the party only as a "stage for his very own 
presentation and thus satisfies an almost pathological obsession 
with the media." 
  On Tuesday [31 May] Boesch told the ZDF [Second German TV 
Channel] magazine program "Frontal": "I have come to the end of 
my road -- I do not want to be responsible any further." In the 
television cast Boesch also accuses the party leadership of not 
having prevented anti-Semitic agitation. 

