BFN 

  [Excerpt] Santiago, 14 Jun (EFE) -- Acting Chilean Foreign 
Minister Jose Miguel Insulza has stated that "no important 
announcements" will be made in Cartagena following the meetings 
that Chilean President Eduardo Frei will hold with his Cuban 
colleague Fidel Castro and his Bolivian colleague Gonzalo 
Sanchez de Lozada. 
  Insulza thus denied reports in Santiago that Chile and Cuba 
will announce the resumption of diplomatic ties at the end of 
the Ibero-American Summit, which starts today in Cartagena. 
  Regarding Cuba, Insulza said: "It is not in our plans to 
make 
any specific announcement after this meeting (between Frei and 
Castro)." He warned, however, that it is difficult to comment on 
a meeting that will take place in the next couple of days. 
  Chile and Cuba severed diplomatic ties in September 1973 
following the coup d'etat perpetrated by General Augusto 
Pinochet. Ties at the consular level were restored after the 
first Ibero-American Summit that was held in Guadalajara 
(Mexico). 
  Cuban Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina is scheduled to make 
an official visit to Chile in August. An announcement on the 
resumption of diplomatic ties has been reportedly postponed 
until then. 
  As for the Bolivian issue, Insulza said nothing has changed. 
He asserted that the Frei-Sanchez de Lozada meeting has "an open 
agenda." He did confirm, however, that Bolivia's landlocked 
issue will be discussed. [passage omitted] 

