BFN 

  [Text] New Delhi, June 7 (AFP) -- Suspected Muslim rebels 
kidnapped two British hikers in the northern state of Kashmir 
Tuesday as the Army patrolled a southern town after the murder 
of a Hindu leader, the PRESS TRUST OF INDIA said. 
Pushtu-language speaking rebels abducted 16-year-old Kim 
Housego and David Mackie, 36, at Aroo near the resort town of 
Pahalgam, the news agency quoted officials as saying in the 
Kashmir summer capital Srinagar. 
  No group has claimed responsibility for the kidnapping, the 
first of British nationals in Kashmir since 1989, when the 
Muslim separatist drive became violent. 
  A Foreign Office report from London said Housego's parents 
were also kidnapped but released later to transmit the demand of 
the rebels seeking the release of three comrades being held by 
Indian authorities. Housego's father David, formerly a New 
Delhi-based correspondent of the FINANCIAL TIMES, reported the 
abduction to police, officials said. 
  Meanwhile, Army soldiers patrolled the curfew-bound town of 
Bhaderwah in the southern district of Doda to prevent violence 
following the gunning down of Hindu leader Rocher Kumar of the 
Bharatiya Janata Party (Indian People's Party, BJP). Kumar was 
shot dead by unidentified militants in his house early Tuesday. 
His killers fled but the murder sparked clashes and arson 
attacks in which at least 10 houses were torched, officials said. 
  A curfew was clamped in Bhaderwah and the nearby town of 
Kishtwar, both of which are described as "communally sensitive." 
  Officials said 11 more people died overnight Monday in 
gunbattles linked to the Muslim rebel campaign for secession 
from India. India and neighbouring Pakistan have fought two of 
their three wars over the disputed state. 

