BFN 

  [Text] Bangkok, May 19 (YONHAP) -- Thai Foreign Minister 
Prasong Sunsiri asked for South Korea's efforts in rectifying 
the trade imbalance in Seoul's favor Wednesday, requesting that 
the two countries open trade ministers' talks within this year 
to discuss the issue. 
  Prasong promised to fully conisder Seoul's bid for 
non-permanent seat on the UN Security Council 1996-1997 and 
South Korea's request to have its banks acquire full service 
lincense from 1997. 
  Visiting South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-chu met with 
Prasong for over an hour where bilateral trade issues and 
regional security agendas occupied most of the meeting, Yu 
Pyong-u, director-general of Asian Affairs at the South Korean 
Foreign Ministry, said. 
  Two-way trade last year closed at 1.76 billion U.S. dollars 
with Seoul netting 1.23 billion dollars in surplus. South 
Korea's investment in Thailand stopped at 190 million dollars 
due to the China boom that took businessmen's interest away from 
Southeast Asia to the new attraction in China. 
  Yu said Prasong specifically asked South Korea to allow more 
Thai imports in such products as tapioka and frozen chicken. 
  Prasong suggested that the two countries open their 11th 
trade ministers' talks within this year to address this problem. 
  Han, on the other hand, requested that South Korean banks be 
included in the 10 foreign banks that will be given full service 
license from 1997 to operate inside Thailand. 
  Prasong said his government will take into account Seoul's 
request. 
  Han explained the latest development on North Korean nuclear 
issue, emphasizing that the matter is not just a regional issue 
but a concern for the entire international community, Yu said. 
  The South Korean foreign minister is here on the second stop 
of his Asian tour that will take also take him to Vietnam and 
Indonesia. 

