BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, May 9 (CNS) -- According to China's 
Ministry of Civil Affairs, nearly 12 million households have 
been helped to raise themselves out of poverty in the past five 
years. 
  The central government set aside a total of RMB [Renminbi] 
6.4 billion and 8.7 billion kilograms of grain for disaster 
relief and received donations both domestically raised and from 
abroad of RMB 2.4 billion. More than 200 million 
poverty-stricken persons received such financial and material 
help, thereby guaranteeing their daily necessities. 
  In recent years, social insurance for the aged has reached 
the countryside involving 29 provinces, cities and autonomous 
regions with some 40 million farmers enjoying such insurance. 
  China has in addition continued to push reform regarding 
wedding and funeral customs and has revised the marriage 
registration method. Most towns in China now have marriage 
registration, handling ten million couples every year. China 
has in the past five years also set up more than 1,200 funeral 
parlours, cremating more than two million deceased every year, 
one-third of all deceased persons. 
  The State Council recently decided that the tenth national 
civil affairs meeting would be held this month from 12 to 16 
when a report would be given on the past five year's work and 
plans for the coming five years would be set out. Premier Li 
Peng will attend the meeting. 

