BFN 

  [Text] The new Zairian prime minister has already disclosed 
his intentions even before the formation of his government. 
Kengo Wa Dondo this morning announced the suspension of all 
payments by the state treasury. 
  Meanwhile, the radical opposition continues to criticize the 
new prime minister. Close supporters of Etienne Tshisekedi, 
grouped under the Sacred Union of the Radical Opposition, say 
that Kengo Wa Dondo's election was unconstitutional. This is 
what Lambert Mende, communications minister in the Tshisekedi 
government had to say on this issue: 
  [Begin Mende recording] The election of a prime minister to 
head this government is tainted with illegality and 
unconstitutionality. This is the first decision we have arrived 
at. We have also decided, regarding the systematic violation of 
our Constitution by President Mobutu and by some members of the 
bureau of the High Council of the Republic, to intensify popular 
resistance in accordance with Articles 16 and 37 of the 
Constitutional Transitional Act. We have thus decided to 
organize in the next few days a great march of liberation of our 
country throughout all the regions of the Republic of Zaire. We 
have also resolved to intensify the boycott of French economic 
interests in Zaire, as well as the economic interests of members 
of President Mobutu's political class and their allies. [end 
recording] 

