BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, May 17 KYODO -- The Economic Planning Agency 
(EPA) said Tuesday [17 May] it is setting up an advisory panel 
to review Japan's 430 trillion yen 10-year public works spending 
plan. 
  The 22-member review panel will be headed by Mitsuhide 
Yamaguchi, who just stepped down as head of the Export-Import 
Bank of Japan and is widely expected to be named to head the 
Tokyo Stock Exchange. The panel is to meet about five times, 
starting Thursday, and draw up its report next month. 
  The review is expected to call for boosting the spending on 
"social infrastructure" projects, as well as the traditional 
roads and bridges schemes, in part to meet U.S. demands that 
Japan boost domestic demand to help curb its huge trade surplus. 
  EPA chief Yoshio Terasawa acknowledged that the committee 
seems dominated by ex-bureaucrats, such as Yamaguchi, a former 
vice finance minister, with only a handful of genuinely 
private-sector choices. 
  "Anyway, the lineup has been decided," Terasawa told a 
regular news conference after a morning cabinet meeting. 
"They're all excellent individuals and I'm sure they'll do a 
fine job." 
  On deregulation measures, which the government has also 
promised by the end of June in a market-opening package, 
Terasawa expressed a sense of urgency, saying the plans must be 
sketched out by June 20 to meet the deadline. 
  "There's really no time. It's down to the wire," he said. 
  He said Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata and related ministers 
strongly expressed their will to forge deregulation measures on 
time, during a special meeting before the cabinet meeting. But 
Terasawa acknowledged that no specifics emerged. 

