Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["NODONG SINMUN Lambastes Japanese Authorities' Scheme To </F>
Sidestep Liquidation of Past" -- KCNA headline] 
  [Text] Pyongyang, January 25 (KCNA) -- NODONG SINMUN today 
carries a commentary titled "Empty Talk About `Apology' Is 
Unnecessary" accusing the Japanese authorities of persistently 
trying to sidestep the liquidation of Japan's past crimes. 
  After taking office, Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa stated 
more than once that Japan "repents" of and "apologizes" for its 
past crimes and Foreign Minister Tsutomu Hata declared recently 
that Japan would "always keep in mind its repentance of the 
past," the analyst says, and continues: 
  The Japanese authorities, however, have failed to present a 
concrete solution commensurate with the apology and have kept 
mum about compensation, the keypoint of the liquidation of the 
past crimes. 
  This bespeaks that they have no willingness to honestly 
resolve the question of liquidation of the past crimes but 
intend to hush it up with the empty talk about "repentance." 
  "Apology" without a solution is not apology and the 
liquidation of the past without compensation is unthinkable. If 
Japan is willing to properly liquidate its past doings, it must 
make an adequate material compensation together with honest 
apology. 
  Any apology and compensation would not be enough for the 
unheard- of crimes and heavy losses imposed by the Japanese 
imperialists upon Korea and other Asian nations after illegally 
occupying them in the past. 
  With nothing can their past crimes be covered up, still less 
is it impossible to dismiss the liquidation of the crimes only 
with the word of "apology." [sentence as received] The Japanese 
authorities would be well advised to properly liquidate the past 
crimes, instead of resorting to petty tricks. 

