Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["Today" -- BTA lead] </F>
  [Excerpts] Sofia, December 13 (BTA) [passage omitted] 
The social security reform will be postponed for next year 
since the National Assembly is unlikely to pass the bills that 
have been introduced, Iliyan Shotlekov, deputy chairman of the 
parliamentary Labour and Social Affairs Committee, told a news 
conference on the committee's work in 1994. The funds budgeted 
for social and health security in 1994 will constitute 17 
percent of the GDP [gross domestic product], according to 
committee's Deputy Chairman Nikola Koychev. [passage omitted] 
  Minister of Health Tancho Gugalov and World Health 
Organization's coordinator for Europe Keis Hoos opened today in 
Bankya (near Sofia) an international conference on the problems 
of drug trafficking and drug addicts in Central and Eastern 
Europe. The conference gathered experts from 11 countries and 
observers from Britain and Greece. They will discuss the 
establishment of a common control system, BTA learned from 
Associated Professor Filip Lazarov who chaired today's sitting. 
[passage omitted] 
  Higher frequency of viral hepatitis has been identified in 
some parts of Bulgaria, particularly in the Kyustendil 
(southwestern Bulgaria) and Vidin (northwestern Bulgaria) 
regions. Cases with viral hepatitis totalled 38 in the November 
1-December 15 period, as during the past week only their number 
in the Vidin region reached 6. The competent authorities have 
undertaken measures to curb the outbreak. [passage omitted] 

