BFN 

<F P=106> [By Danielle Yang] </F>
  [Text] Taipei, June 7 (CNA) -- The Republic of China [ROC] 
and Niger signed a joint communique as well as two other pacts 
in Taipei Tuesday [7 June] morning pledging further cooperation 
between the two countries. 
  During the communique signed at the Presidential Office, 
both 
ROC President Li Teng-hui and Niger President Mahamane Ousmane 
reaffirmed their willingness to expand cooperation in 
agriculture, industry, commerce, and health. 
  The communique said Niger firmly supports the ROC's bid to 
join the United Nations and other international organizations 
and noted that Li agreed to visit Niger at Ousmane's invitation. 
  At the same time ROC Foreign Minister Chien Fu and Niger 
Foreign and Cooperation Minister Abdourahmane Hama signed a 
trade agreement and a Mix Commission of Cooperation pact at the 
Grand Hotel. 
  In the two agreements, both governments promised to 
strengthen civilian economic and trade ties between the two 
countries and agreed to offer necessary investment assistance as 
well as define future cooperation trends. 
  The pact stipulated that a group of minister-level officials 
from both countries be used to promote bilateral cooperation. 
Foreign ministers from both sides will serve permanent members 
of the Mix Commission of Cooperation. 
  The trade agreement picks up where a 1969 agreement left off 
after the two countries severed ties in 1974. Ties were 
restored in 1992. 
  At the Presidential Office, Ousmane thanked Li for the warm 
hospitality the ROC Government and people have extended to him 
during his six-day stay here. 
  Ousmane is leaving Taiwan Tuesday afternoon. A military 
ceremony will accompany his departure. 

