Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by D van Zyl] </F>
  [Text] George March 14 SAPA -- The rights of the individual 
and a free market economy were the Democratic Party's [DP] two 
major election platforms, DP leader Dr Zach de Beer told an 
informal gathering during an election roadshow in George on 
Monday morning. 
  The DP carcade -- including DP Western Cape premiership 
candidate Hennie Bester, former Labour Party Minister Chris 
April and former George Women's Army College head Hilda Burnett 
-- stopped at a house in the coloured residential area of 
Parkdene where about 40 people sat waiting under a tree. 
  Dr de Beer told them now that apartheid was "a thing of the 
past, we must work at creating a better life for all". 
  The DP wanted to help South Africans improve their living 
standards through a free market economy. 
  After his short speech, the gathering, led by former Dominee 
Mr April, sang: "Up the mountain, down the valley, Jerusalem is 
my home." 
  As the carcade moved through George's business district and 
residential areas with a loudspeaker blaring "Vote for the DP, 
the party of peace", locals smiled and flashed two fingered 
peace signs. Some looked on merely bewildered and bemused. 
  At the Simbaba feeding scheme -- funded by World Vision -- 
about 80 wide-eyed toddlers sang hymns and vied to shake the 
visitors' hands. 
  United Nations observers, journalists and traffic police are 
accompanying the DP tour, which proceeds from George to Hoekwil, 
Kleinkrans, Sedgefield, Knysna, Plettenberg Bay and -- on 
Tuesday -- Mossel Bay. 
  In an interview with SAPA at the start of the tour on Monday 
morning, Dr de Beer sharply criticised President F W de Klerk 
for failing to secure Bophuthatswana's reincorporation into 
South Africa through negotiation after he (Dr de Beer) had 
raised the issue in Parliament early last year. 

