Language: <F P=105> Italian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] The Italian Embassy in Mogadishu has been 
attacked. [passage omitted] Our correspondent Carmen Lasorella 
reports from the embassy in Mogadishu. 
  [Lasorella] I am calling you from the embassy, where 
everything is back to normal. There are no signs of tension -- 
not even on the road. 
  Outside the embassy, the usual groups of Somalis are 
crouching on the ground. Inside, servicemen are going about 
their normal duties, although all defense positions have been 
reinforced. 
  Only three hours ago the air was ablaze with heavy gunfire, 
which lasted about half an hour. The embassy was attacked from 
several different positions, with shots fired at the southeast 
side of the building, at the main entrance on the road, and at 
an internal facade off the road. 
  According to estimates, at least 30 Somalis armed with 
automatic rifles and Kalashnikovs were involved in the attack. 
Italian servicemen returned fire from inside the embassy 
compound, as did two VCC [expansion unknown] caterpillar 
vehicles that were coming from the port. The vehicles had two 
Red Cross women and an Italian journalist from the INTERARMA 
periodical on board. The VCC came under a hail of snipers' 
bullets and returned fire with machine guns and automatic 
rifles. Four helicopters also became involved and circled the 
embassy for some time, but did not fire. 
  None of the Italians were hurt, but one of the Somalis was 
killed and another seriously wounded. 
  But why did this attack take place this morning? Servicemen 
say it is to apply pressure. On the eve of the Italian 
withdrawal from the country, the Somalis want to draw attention 
to their problems, obtain more aid and compensation for damage 
allegedly suffered. 

