Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The Inkatha Freedom Party [IFP] has joined the 
Democratic Party [DP] and the National Party [NP] in criticizing 
the ANC's [African National Congress] draft policy document on 
mining as an attempt at nationalization. The IFP said in a 
statement that the proposed new ANC policy was a concealed 
attempt at nationalization in line with Marxist aspects of the 
Freedom Charter. The IFP added that the document raised 
questions on the broader issue of property rights, including 
that over several categories of agricultural land. 
  In its reaction to the ANC document, the Chamber of Mines 
expressed reservations about the proposal to regard minerals as 
a national asset. The chamber said the mining industry was 
prepared to listen to proposals for the improvement of the 
existing system of mineral rights developed over hundreds of 
years, but that the matter had to be considered very thoroughly. 
The chamber has been discussing the future of the industry with 
interested parties, including the ANC and the National Union of 
Mineworkers for some time and would continue these discussions. 
  The ANC said mineral rights could be hired from the state on 
a renewable long term basis. It said that no decision had been 
taken yet on the way in which the change would be brought about, 
but that it would not be done through a process of 
nationalization. The document will be discussed at a conference 
on 22 and 23 January before becoming ANC policy. 

