BFN 

  [Text] Sofia, June 6 (BTA) -- "The BSP [Bulgarian Socialist 
Party] is in favour of early parliamentary elections in the 
autumn of 1994. Parliament in its present composition has 
exhausted its law-making potential, its political and moral 
prestige. A new vote by the electorate is the only democratic 
and nationally responsible way to stabilize power in Bulgaria," 
says a political resolution adopted at the 41st Congress of the 
Bulgarian Socialist Party, which ended here late this afternoon. 
  The resolution points out that the crisis in this country is 
deepening and parliamentary elections and urgent economic 
measures are needed to guarantee the transition. The congress 
praised the work of the Supreme Party Council, the All-Party 
Controlling Committee and the MP's of the BSP during the period 
between the two congresses. 
  "The main new thing proposed at the congress is the 
readiness 
for change that we will try to impress on the Bulgarians," BSP 
leader Zhan Videnov told a briefing after his reelection. He 
described the forum as extremely successful. Videnov also said 
the congress had clearly mapped out the immediate political 
tasks for the months until the end of the year which, in his 
view, can determine the course of Bulgaria's transition. 
  The congress elected a 106-member Supreme Council and an 
All- 
Party Controlling Committee. BSP floor leader Nora Ananieva 
said the leaders and other members of all ideological trends are 
represented in the leadership. Twenty-eight members of the 
Supreme Party Council are MP's, Mrs. Ananieva told the press. 
The Social Democracy Alliance is represented by fewer members 
than it was before the congress: four of its most prominent 
members were not elected to the Supreme Council. Former prime 
minister Andrey Lukanov was not elected to it either. 

