Language: <F P=105> Italian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed report: "Occhetto Backs Ciampi"] </F>
  [Text] "Ciampi said right away that he wants to remain 
impartial in this election campaign; we therefore acted very 
cautiously; we certainly could not put him forward as our 
candidate. But Ciampi remains an asset for the country and for 
democracy." Achille Occhetto [secretary of the Democratic Party 
of the Left, PDS] said this in an interview with Minoli on 
"Mixer" [TV talk show]. And by so saying, the PDS leader 
strengthened a kind of post-election investiture for Ciampi 
launched a few hours earlier by [PDS Deputy Secretary] Massimo 
d'Alema in an interview with CORRIERE DELLA SERA ("A policy of 
financial reform," the PDS' second in command said, "could be 
pursued by a new government headed by Ciampi.") Moreover, when 
Minoli ["Mixer" host] reminded him that the AD [Democratic 
Alliance] has spoken explicitly in terms of a future Ciampi 
government with Communist Renewal in the opposition, Occhetto 
did not rule out the possibility and spoke about a "Ciampi 
government on the road already begun, with the addition of new 
innovative policies." 
  But d`Alema's remarks had already sparked very different 
responses among the progressive forces yesterday afternoon. 
While [AD leader] Adornato was full of praise ("Now the voters 
know that, if the progressive forces win, Ciampi will be prime 
minister"), [Communist Renewal leader] Fausto Bertinotti imposed 
a rigid veto: ("Ciampi has personified the economic policy that 
led to the collapse of employment"). 
  These two very different positions were defended strongly by 
both sides. Adornato: "If we had not been sure about the 
prospects afforded by Ciampi we would have found it hard to join 
the progressive pole." Bertinotti: "The forces allied with us 
cannot hope for victory if they shift toward center stances." 
[Italian Republican Party Secretary] Giorgio La Malfa added a 
comment and something more to the progressive forces' varying 
positions: "The PDS clearly feels embarrassed with regard to 
its allies; Communist Renewal is a not insignificant component 
of the left-wing alignment, and is indeed essential to the 
formation of a government." So, according to La Malfa, it is 
impossible for the entire left to adopt a clear stance on what 
is such a fundamental issue. 
  This position on Ciampi was the focus for the whole of 
Occhetto's interview on "Mixer," which was recorded yesterday 
afternoon, before the spectacular evening news about judicial 
developments regarding the PCI [Italian Communist Party]-PDS. 
But Occhetto did have plenty to say about justice ("The 
judiciary are active in justice, not politics. And the PDS has 
been treated with the same severity as has been accorded to all 
the rest"), as he did about [Forza Italia leader] Berlusconi, 
for whom he reserved this poisoned barb: "He calls us 
communists, contemptuously. We did not disgust him when he used 
to come to PCI headquarters to argue the cause of his television 
stations." He went on: "As a person? Let us say that he is 
someone with whom I would never go on vacation; he is too 
overbearing and embodies every characteristic of the right, 
starting with the desire to trample the weak." 
  With regard to the issue of Sisde funds, he said: "It is I 
who am asking for the names of people who may have received 
money; I really would not trust having them at my side. In any 
case, do you think it would be possible for the PDS to request 
money from the secret services?" On the subject of Mafia 
threats against the PDS, he said: "There have been some; the 
Mafia has taken sides in these elections." And in connection 
with collusion between the progressive forces and the Mafia, he 
said: "I know that [newspaper editor] Montanelli said something 
of this kind in an interview, but where are the names?" 

