BFN 

  [Text] Bridgetown, 4 May (PL) -- Cuban President Fidel 
Castro is leading his country's delegation to a summit that will 
approve important documents on sustained development for small 
island states, among which Cuba is the largest in size and 
population. 
  The arrival of the Cuban president and a high-level 
delegation of Cuban Government officials in Bridgetown today 
increased attention on the first general conference on the 
sustained development of small islands, organized by the AOSIS 
[Alliance of Small Insular States], which belongs to the Group 
of 77. 
  The Cuban delegation comprises Ricardo Alarcon, president of 
the National Assembly of the People's Government; Foreign 
Minister Roberto Robaina; Ecology Minister Rosa Elena Simeon; 
and others. 
  The Barbados summit is scheduled to approve a declaration 
and 
an agenda for the sustained development of these small 
countries. It also will review proposals from a meeting of 
nongovernment organizations (ONG), which is holding 
complementary meetings with the conference. 
  The high-level meeting, scheduled for Thursday and Friday, 
will close the discussions which began on 25 March at the 
Sherbourne Center in Bridgetown, during which the participants 
considered the most desirable guidelines needed to face the 
effects of climatic changes in the states participating in the 
forum. 
  The other 10 heads of state and government have already 
arrived in Bridgetown to hold an informal AOSIS summit in 
addition to the official discussions. 

