Language: <F P=105> German </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Bonn (DDP/ADN) -- All parliamentary groups in the 
Bundestag are united in their support of the NATO mission over 
Bosnia in which four fighters were shot down on Monday [28 
February]. The mission has tended to increase the chances of 
peace, spokesmen for the CDU/CSU [Christian Democratic 
Union/Christian Social Union], the SPD [Social Democratic 
Party], and the FDP [Free Democratic Party] stressed on Thursday 
in a short-notice debate requested by the PDS [Party of 
Democratic Socialism], the successor party to the SED [Socialist 
Unity Party]. However, there was no cause for triumph. 
  There is no doubt about the permissibility of the shooting 
down under international law, Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel 
said. The UN Security Council resolution of 1992 covers the 
mission. In the view of SPD Deputy Freimut Duve, if the 
suspected Bosnian Serb fighters had not been shot down, then 
possibly the conclusion of the Washington agreement on 
confederation between the Bosnians and Croats would not have 
come about. The Bosnian Serbs are now invited "to collaborate 
in the difficult construction," he said. 
  The PDS described the Bundeswehr participation in the NATO 
mission, by having German soldiers in the AWACS reconnaissance 
aircraft, as unconstitutional. FDP Deputy Juergen Koppelin 
contradicted this: the deployment of German soldiers in the 
AWACS aircraft has been declared legal by the Federal 
Constitutional Court, he declared. 
  Defense Minister Volker Ruehe stressed: "It is beyond all 
imagining what immeasurable damage the alliance and German 
alliance capability would have suffered had our soldiers been 
obliged to leave the AWACS aircraft." Wolfgang Ullmann, 
Alliance 90/Greens Deputy, said it was high time to make it 
clear that "things are getting serious for the aggressors." 
  Kinkel added that, in order for Germany to retain its 
suitability as an alliance partner, the constitutional legality 
of future Bundeswehr missions must finally be cleared up. The 
SPD, however, had left the coalition "in the lurch" with regard 
to an amendment to the Constitution over this issue. 

