Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] La Plata, 17 Mar (NA) -- Today Buenos Aires Governor 
Eduardo Duhalde presided over the signature in La Plata of a 
decree establishing the expansion of the satellite informatics 
network for all of Buenos Aires Province. 
  Duhalde said: "With this new system, the farthest little 
school in the province will have access to databases and 
libraries not only in La Plata, but also in the rest of the 
country and abroad." 
  He added: "The system, however, is not limited to this sort 
of use but also will allow 127 counties to have fluid and direct 
intercommunication with the Provincial Civil Registration and 
Land Surveying. This is indispensable to save time on paperwork 
the people who live in the province's interior may have to make." 
  The governor explained: "Thanks to an agreement signed with 
the IMPSA [Pescarmona Metallurgic Industries Inc.] S.A. company 
we are not paying more to put this new system into operation 
than we were for the services we already had been receiving." 
  Duhalde urged the mayors attending the signing ceremony to 
hire computer experts so each county can make the best use 
possible of the "benefits and possibilities offered in the field 
from now on." 
  Concluding, the governor said: "This new system is really 
revolutionary and will allow all Buenos Aires Province 
residents, no matter what county they live in, to access 
information in any field they want to." 

