BFN 

  [Excerpts] Russian Ambassador to Croatia Leonid 
Kerestedzhiyants has paid a visit to Gospic. Krunoslav Prpic 
has prepared a report on his visit: 
  [Prpic] Ante Frkovic, prefect of Lika and Senj, and Gospic 
Mayor Ivan Blazevic informed their guest about the war 
destruction. [passage omitted] Speaking about the 
implementation of the Zagreb cease-fire agreement, the 
ambassador of the Russian Federation said, among other things: 
  [Begin Kerestedzhiyants recording] I feel responsible, in a 
way, for the agreement and for how the withdrawal and the 
implementation of the tasks laid down in the agreement are 
proceeding. I paid a visit some 10 days ago to the so-called 
Krajina. I spoke with the commander of the Canadian battalion 
there. I know that the Croatian side has not created any 
difficulties. There have been no complaints to be addressed to 
the Croatian side. However, I know that there are a number of 
questions related to the implementation of that agreement by the 
Serbian side. We hope that the negotiations will be resumed in 
the Russian Embassy. I know that there is also readiness on the 
part of Knin for expert talks to be held. I am ambassador to 
Croatia within its internationally recognized borders. I state 
this openly, even when I go to Krajina. I can say that 
sometimes this angers them. Sometimes it passes normally 
because this is true. It is a fact; it is an historic truth. 
[end recording] 
  [Prpic] The ambassador toured some places along the 
separation line in order to see where the Zagreb agreement has 
not been fully implemented. 

