BFN 

  [Text] The rebels of the Rwandan Patriotic Front [RPF] are 
still maintaining maximum pressure on Kigali, the capital of 
Rwanda. After a lull last night -- at least on the surface -- 
fighting resumed at daybreak between the government Armed Forces 
and the RPF troops. Can you confirm this, Christophe 
Boisbouvier? 
  [Boisbouvier] Indeed. For about two hours now, since 
daybreak, smoke has been visible from the airport, drifting 
above the district where the former parliament is situated and 
from where the RPF resistance pocket operated for six days, if 
you remember. The pocket is alleged to have linked up with the 
rebels from the north. This remains to be confirmed. 
  Fighting involving the use of heavy weapons is taking place. 
Light weapons are also being used, which would imply that there 
is now street fighting in these suburbs of Kigali, half way 
between the town and the airport. It is still difficult to know 
whether the Rwandan Armed Forces are still holding the largest 
part of the capital. In any case, what is certain is that they 
are still fighting, their resistance still holds. For instance, 
the forces around the airport, close to the French-Belgian 
forces, do not seem to be panicking. It is difficult to know 
what will happen over the next few hours. 
  As far as Westerners are concerned, one-third of French 
troops have left already. The remaining two-thirds are believed 
to be about to leave. The first company left Kigali this 
morning with the surgical unit. As for the Belgians, they may 
stay for another 24 or 48 hours in order to evacuate the last 
foreign nationals who are in town. This will not be easy given 
the fighting taking place right now. This is what we can say as 
far as the military side of things is concerned. 

