BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Olga Semenova] </F>
  [Text] Moscow June 28 TASS -- The chiefs of the Russian 
prosecutor-general's office, the Interior Ministry and the 
Federal Counter-Intelligence Service have signed a joint 
instruction about a procedure for the enactment of the 
presidential decree dated June 14 "On urgent measures to protect 
the population from banditry and other manifestations of 
organised crime", spokesmen at the public relations centres of 
the three agencies told ITAR-TASS on Tuesday. 
  The prosecutor's office, internal affairs and 
counter-intelligence agencies have been provided with practical 
elucidations, based on the current legislation, about the decree 
enactment procedure. 
  The document emphasises that "all efforts should be aimed at 
protecting the life and health of citizens, their rights and 
freedoms and at ensuring the realisation of current reforms and 
state security". 
  Joint operational investigation groups are being set up to 
expose gangs and other organised-crime associations. All 
investigation activities are to be conducted under a strict 
procuratorial supervision which will be exercised by personnel 
to be detailed by the prosecutor's offices of all levels. 
  Special attention during operational investigation 
activities 
should be given to obtaining and recording factual data on 
specific criminal activities of suspects. 
  The three public relations centres state that "the enactment 
of the decree is aimed exclusively at putting a stop to the 
activities of dangerous criminals and at ensuring the safety of 
citizens". The public relation centres are to regularly inform 
the population of the outcome of anti-crime efforts. 

