BFN 

  [Excerpts] Istanbul (AA) -- Turkish Foreign Minister Hikmet 
Cetin and U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher held a 
meeting at Ciragan Palace today. In a statement after the 
meeting, Christopher said that an "agreement in principle" was 
reached on flushing the Karkuk-Yumurtalik pipeline. In a 
statement to ANATOLIA Agency, Cetin assessed the meeting and 
confirmed Christopher's statement. 
  Talking to a group of reporters after the meeting, the two 
ministers expressed their satisfaction with the meeting. 
  Christopher enumerated the issues taken up at the meeting as 
"traffic through the straits, the Cyprus question, human rights, 
and issues of joint interest." [passage omitted] 
  In reply to the question of "whether Turkish-Greek relations 
were discussed," Christopher said this issue was also taken up 
and added: Mr. Cetin and Mr. Papoulias held a meeting yesterday 
that they described as "positive." They are both constructive 
people. I hope this characteristic will be beneficial for the 
relations. 
  Christopher described Cetin as a "friend," adding that the 
United States has great ties of friendship with its ally Turkey. 
  In his statement to AA after the meeting, Cetin said that 
the 
United States accepted "in principle" Turkey's request regarding 
the Karkuk-Yumurtalik pipeline. [passage omitted] 
  Pointing out that at the meeting they also dwelled on the 
fact that Cyprus developments have reached a positive point and 
that the package of confidence-building measures is not dead, 
Cetin said: At the meeting I said the confidence-building 
measures should not be viewed as dead. [passage omitted] 

