BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, April 25 (KCNA) -- The spokesman of the 
South Korean National Democratic Front (Hanminjon) in a 
statement on April 21 said the South Korean trip of the U.S. 
Defense Secretary, William Perry, was a tour of frontline 
commanding to inspect and examine on the spot and carry into 
practice the war plan against the North which had been prepared 
for operation and a tour of operational confab for forming 
combined forces suited to a wartime system, the Seoul-based 
Radio Voice of National Salvation said. 
  This reminds us of the Seoul trip of John Foster Dulles who 
ignited the June 25 war after repeated confabs in June 1950, 44 
years ago, the statement said, and noted: 
  The South Korean visit of Perry was also a trip of arms 
dealings for U.S. munitions monopolies intended to increase 
tensions over the "nuclear issue" of the North and reap a 
windfall by death dealings, making the Korean peninsula a 
theatre of war. 
  Washington and "Chongwadae" [ROK presidential office] must 
stop at once the war provocation manoeuvres and shipment of arms 
to impose a nuclear disaster upon our people and nation. 
  The Patriot missile is not for defense but for the 
provocation of a war, and the "Team Spirit" is not a defensive 
exercise but a nuclear war exercise. 
  The United States must withdraw from this land, taking along 
all the war equipment including the Patriot and aggression 
forces, and promptly cancel the resumption of the "Team Spirit" 
manoeuvres. 
  If the U.S. bellicose elements and "civilian"-veiled 
warmaniacs continue along the road of war, they will be dealt a 
stern hammer blow by history. 

