BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article: "Pagliarini on Company Tax System: </F>
`Change or Leave European Union'"] 
  [Text] (ANSA) Fiuggi, near Rome, June 18 -- Budget Minister 
Giancarlo Pagliarini suggested Italy bow to European Union [EU] 
demands on company tax arrangements or leave the Twelve, in a 
speech to an industrialists' gathering here on Saturday [18 
June]. 
  If, the minister told the meeting, Italy does not wish to 
change its current system under which companies can detract part 
of sums paid for employees' national insurance and health system 
contributions from taxes, "then let's get out of the EU, but 
this means losing thirty trillion lire" (18.7 billion dollars). 
  The EU has begun proceedings against Italy to force it to 
change this tax arrangement, which amounts to a form of state 
subsidy for trade and industry. Under new regulations, 
countries accused of infringing EU rules are not given sums owed 
to them through EU schemes. Italy is owed 30 trillion lire in 
funding for depressed areas. 
  Pagliarini yesterday met with EU Regional Policy 
Commissioner 
Bruce Millan who confirmed that Italy stood to lose the sum, 
which comes within the framework of the 1994-99 support fund. 
  Italy is also set to lose one trillion lire (625 million 
dollars) in EU money if it cannot come up with figures on 
pre-1988 funding for the poorer southern Mezzogiorno area by 
March 31 1995, Millan told Pagliarini. 
  "I know it is difficult to believe this," the minister told 
today's meeting, "but no one knows anything about these figures. 
Perhaps town councils used the funds to pay their traffic 
wardens." 

