BFN 

<F P=106> [FINSKA NOTISBYRAN report: "Swedish Publisher To Close </F>
Latvian Newspaper?"] 
  [Text] Stockholm -- Swedish newspaper DAGENS INDUSTRI's 
Latvian business daily, DIENAS BIZNESS, has been the target of 
Russian mafia threats in Latvia. 
  "We do not intend to come to terms with the mafia. If the 
threats are escalated there is only one thing to be done -- 
close the successful newspaper in Riga," said Hasse Olsson, 
chief editor of DAGENS INDUSTRI and chairman of the board of the 
Latvian newspaper. 
  The threats against DIENAS BIZNESS began a few weeks ago. 
Three Russian-speaking men offered the newspaper "protection in 
return for free advertising peace in the newspaper." Chief 
editor Juris Paiders rejected the offer. A few days later his 
wife and two small children were threatened with a knife by 
unknown men. One of the newspaper's cars has also been damaged. 
  "You can never feel secure," Paiders said, despite the fact 
that his Swedish financial backer, the Bonnier group's 
Affarsforlaget which also publishes DAGENS INDUSTRI, has 
provided him and his family with bodyguards. Hasse Olsson not 
only refused the blackmailers advertising space. Yesterday he 
published an article revealing the threats. 
  "The reason why we are publishing the article here and in 
Latvia is that we want to create a body of public opinion which 
we hope will make the Latvian Government understand that we 
cannot have things like this," he said. 
  "The alternative is to continue to live under this pressure 
with every growing numbers of security guards. There would 
never be any end to such a situation. Paiders and I are agreed 
that it is best to give publicity to the whole affair. Now that 
the matter has been made public I think that not even the mafia 
will dare to do what they otherwise would have done," he said. 
  And nothing will make the publishers come to terms with the 
mafia, not even an escalation of the threats. 

