CSO 

<F P=106> ["Election Results in Bukovyna"] </F>
  [Text] The seat in Chernivtsi Oblast's Kitsman ED No. 437 
was won by Heorhiy Filipchuk, the head of the oblast 
administration of education, who ran as a candidate of the 
"Bukovynska zlahoda" [Bukovyna Accord] bloc (the BZ unites all 
the democratic organizations of the oblast). 
  Those who will stand for election in the second round in 
other districts are: in Leninskyy ED No. 431 -- Taras Kyyak, 
professor of Chernivtsi State University and chairman of the 
oblast organization of the DemPU, and Volodymyr Dovheshko, first 
secretary of the oblast committee of the CPU; in Pershotravnevyy 
ED No. 432 -- Ostap Yuriychuk, the head of the oblast 
organization of the URP, and Volodymyr Kulish (they won over 
Hryhoriy Halyts, director of the press center of the oblast 
state administration, and Lyudmyla Dodonova, first secretary of 
the oblast committee of the SPU); in Hlyboka ED No. 434 -- Ivan 
Popesku, lecturer at the department of Russian language at 
Chernivtsi University and member of the Eminesku Rumanian 
Language and Culture Society, and Korneliy Nikitovych, deputy 
head of the oblast administration of education; in Zastavna ED 
No. 435 -- Heorhiy Manchulenko, head of the regional 
organization of Rukh, and Mykola Ivanovych, chief of the Khotyn 
ayon department of internal affairs (they defeated People's 
Deputy of Ukraine Mykola Revenko, former secretary of the oblast 
committee of the CPU); in Kelmentsi ED No. 436 -- Vasyl Burlaka, 
head of the Sokyryany Rayon State Administration representing 
the BZ, and Hryhoriy Dovhanchyn, chairman of the Budovytska 
Peasants' Union; in Novoselytsya ED No. 438 -- Yuriy Buzduhan, 
deputy head of the department of external economic relations of 
the Anti-Monopoly Committee of Ukraine, member of the Social 
Democratic Party of Ukraine [SDPU] and "New Ukraine" [Nova 
Ukrayina], and Dmytro Rata. 
  Results in the Vyzhnytsya ED No. 433 are not available. 

