BFN 

<F P=106> [Natalya Gorodetskaya report under the "Conflict" rubric: </F>
"Ingushetia President Curtails Parliament's Rights"] 
  [Excerpt] Ingushetia President Ruslan Aushev yesterday 
signed an edict "On Some Powers of the President and National 
Assembly of the Republic of Ingushetia." The 13 April edict 
prohibits parliament from making statements, coming out with 
appeals, and taking other actions related to domestic and 
foreign policy without approval from the republic's president. 
  As many people know, several days ago the Ingush parliament 
asked Russian Federation President Boris Yeltsin to impose 
direct federal rule in the State of Emergency zone. Yesterday, 
Ingushetia's parliamentarians appealed to the deputies of the 
Federation Council and the State Duma of Russia. In the appeal 
they describe the 1992 armed conflict in Prigorodnyy Rayon of 
North Ossetia "as a carefully planned action by the North 
Ossetia leaders to ethnically purge citizens of Ingush 
nationality from this territory." In the opinion of parliament, 
calls for reconciliation when there are tens of thousands of 
refugees are taken by the Ingush people as calls for reconciling 
themselves to the role of exiles while the Republic of North 
Ossetia leaders "are growing increasingly confident in their 
impunity." The parliamentarians are confident that peace and 
accord can be restored between the Ingush and Ossetians "only 
when those deported have returned to their homes." [passage 
omitted] 

