BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, May 24 (KCNA) -- Organisations and public 
figures of different countries in their statements urged the 
United States to respond to the DPRK-U.S. negotiations for the 
establishment of a new peace arrangement. 
  The Anti-imperialist Youth Union of Mali in a statement on 
May 6 fully supported the negotiations proposed by the 
Democratic People's Republic of Korea to replace the Armistice 
Agreement with a peace agreement and establish a new peace 
arrangement and demanded that the United States affirmatively 
accede to it. 
  The Congolese Association for Friendship Among Peoples in a 
statement May [date indistinct] said if the United States is 
interested even a little in the detente on the Korean peninsula 
and the guarantee of world peace, it must respond to the 
peaceloving negotiations proposal of the DPRK. 
  The Mozambican Committee for Friendship With the People of 
the DPRK in a statement said the United States is trying to 
stifle socialism of Korea, but it is a big mistake. The Korean 
people have a weapon of singlehearted unity mightier than a 
nuclear bomb, it noted. 
  B. Sen Gupta, joint secretary of the All India Students 
Federation, in a statement on May 9 stressed that the United 
States must not resort to the anachronistic policy of military 
adventure against the DPRK but respond to negotiations with the 
DPRK to establish a new peace arrangement guaranteeing a durable 
peace in this region. 

