BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "News" program] </F>
  [Text] Listeners, the 25,000-character report on government 
work that Gyaincain Norbu, chairman of the autonomous regional 
people's government, delivered on 15 May to the Second Session 
of the Sixth Tibetan Autonomous Regional People's Congress is 
divided into three parts. The station will air excerpts of it 
in several installments. We welcome you to tune in. 
  In the first part of his government work report reviewing 
the 
work in 1993, Chairman Gyaincain Norbu spoke of the steady 
economic progress in rural and pastoral regions. Government at 
all levels increased inputs in farming and stock breeding in 
terms of funds, materials, and technology. As a result, the 
region saw its sixth consecutive good year of agricultural 
production. The total grain output was 620,000 metric tons, up 
3.3 percent over the previous year. In spite of natural 
disasters in some prefectures and counties, all the major stock 
farming indexes rose slightly and remained stable compared to 
the previous year. Relatively rapid progress was made in the 
development of village and township enterprises and diversified 
undertakings. The total output of village and township 
enterprises topped 100 million yuan, an increase of close to 15 
percent compared to the previous year. Income from diversified 
undertakings stood at 240 million yuan, up 18.8 percent from the 
previous year. 
  The report points out: The region's agricultural output in 
1993 topped 2.3 billion yuan, and its total industrial output 
reached 535 million yuan, up 5.3 and 9.4 percent, respectively, 
over the previous year in terms of comparable prices. 

