BFN 

  [Text] Inadequate accommodation, transportation, and other 
necessary logistics might delay the commencement of serious 
business at the newly inaugurated constitutional conference. At 
the maiden session yesterday, most delegates complained that the 
shortcomings would seriously affect their attendance. 
  Reacting to the chairman's suggestion that the conference 
should reconvene in (?the morning) today, some delegates said 
they could not make it because of various logistic problems. 
Senator Obo Amon from Delta State said that due to lack of 
accommodation within Abuja most members were residing in nearby 
towns like Katsinaja and Kebbi. Also speaking, Joseph Atibi 
Otodo from Rivers State noted that relevant documents such as 
the decree establishing the constitutional conference, its 
agenda, and the inaugural speech of the head of state, were not 
given to the delegates. Alhaji Musa Inusa from Katsina State 
suggested that the conference should adjourn for a few days to 
give the government chance to put things right. 
  Meanwhile, the chairman of the constitutional conference, 
Justice Karibi-Whyte, has described the head of state's 
inaugural address to the conference as reassuring that the 
military will quit the political stage. Also commenting on the 
speech, the Nkene of Nnewi, Chief Odumegwu Ojukwu, commended the 
Federal Government for setting up a framework within which the 
problems of the country would be solved. Chief Ojukwu, who was 
representing Anambra State, pledged to cooperate with other 
delegates in strengthening the unity of the country. 

