BFN 

  [Text] Vienna, April 20 KYODO -- North Korea has replied 
positively to an IAEA [International Atomic Energy Agency] 
request for inspections of a nuclear facility that Pyongyang 
barred the agency from checking last month, an agency spokesman 
said Wednesday [20 April]. 
  The spokesman said the Vienna-based International Atomic 
Energy Agency (IAEA) received a positive response from North 
Korea to the U.N. request and that the agency will decide how to 
deal with the issue within a few days. 
  The North appears to have agreed to inspections on a part of 
the key atomic site with certain conditions, instead of full 
inspection as the IAEA has demanded, diplomatic sources said. 
  The IAEA sent a letter to the North on April 8 urging 
Pyongyang to allow the agency to make additional inspections at 
the radiochemical laboratory in Yongbyon, north of the capital. 
  The IAEA also asked North Korea to allow the agency to 
change 
film and batteries of surveillance cameras installed at all the 
declared nuclear facilities. 
  IAEA inspectors went to North Korea in early March but were 
denied access to the radiochemical laboratory. The agency said 
the tests it wanted to carry out at the laboratory were 
necessary to determine whether Pyongyang has diverted nuclear 
materials. 
  The agency on March 22 referred the matter to the U.N. 
Security Council, which issued a presidential statement March 31 
urging the North to allow the IAEA to complete the inspections. 
  North Korea has denied it is developing a nuclear arsenal 
and 
warned a war could break out on the Korean peninsula if it was 
pressed too hard on the matter. 

