CSO 

  [Text] Ministry of Finance (MOF) Implements System 
for Monitoring Observance of Firewalls to Include Hearings 
  The MOF has implemented a system for monitoring compliance 
with regulations or firewalls concerning the separation of 
businesses conducted by banks and their securities subsidiaries. 
As a first salvo in operating its surveillance operations, the 
MOF summoned department heads in charge of underwriting services 
at Daiwa, Nikko and Yamaichi and initiated a hearing on 
activities of bank-affiliated securities firms and their 
overseas subsidiaries and will seek the views of Nomura 
Securities within the week. MOF has revealed that it will 
appoint officials in the early part of this month who will be 
responsible for checking on the adequacy of measures being used 
to prevent abuses from taking place between banks' securities 
subsidiaries and their parent banks. 
  The foremost purpose of the new system is to uncover 
violations of Section 65 of the Securities Transaction Law which 
prohibits the performance of securities businesses on the part 
of banks, but it is said that the MOF is interested in whether 
or not prices which favor businesses were established in the 
process of issuing new bonds. 
  Officials of the General Affairs Section Securities Bureau 
who are commonly referred to as "watchmen" say, "Before 
officially approving securities subsidiaries of city banks, we 
will gather information on the involvement of parent banks in 
the operation of overseas securities subsidiaries." 

