BFN 

  [Text] At its off-site session in Lansk, the Council of 
Ministers reached fundamental decisions on a socioeconomic 
strategy for Poland. The discussion was based on a draft 
socioeconomic policy program for 1994-97 prepared by the Central 
Planning Office. The policy drawn up by the government creates a 
basis for economic growth which will make it possible to 
increase the GDP in 1994-97 by more than 20 percent, a statement 
by the Government Press Office says. 
  The government program focuses on the development of human 
capital and an improvement in the people's material standard of 
living. The government has decided that an important supplement 
and expansion of the strategy for Poland is the midterm 
financial policy -- assumptions of which will soon be presented 
by the minister of finance and the Polish National Bank -- with 
regard to the state of our relations with international 
financial institutions. 
  Of similar importance will be a program of activities to 
improve security and law-observance, and restricting the so 
called gray market economy. 
  One component of institutional changes will be to implement 
a 
program of commercialization of state enterprises which will 
make it possible to move away from administrative control of pay 
levels. 
  The final decision by the Council of Ministers on submitting 
the draft socioeconomic program to the Sejm is to be made in 
June. 

