BFN 

  [Text] Kazakhstan is poised to lease Russia facilities on 
the air defense test ground in Sary-Shagan (situated on Lake 
Balkhash in Central Kazakhstan), Kazakh Vice-Premier and 
Minister for Science and New Technology Galym Abilsiitov told 
INTERFAX Friday [13 May]. 
  He said the documents discussed during talks on the lease 
agreement in the town of Priozyorsk (where the test ground's 
personnel live) from 10-13 May were not yet finalized, but the 
main requirements and terms of the lease had already been 
established. Abilsiitov said that some of the site's facilities 
would be leased to the Russian military unit running the site, 
and that unit would pay rent and make some contribution to the 
upkeep of Priozyorsk. 
  He also said that the dates and size of the rent and 
compensation for damage had not been discussed with the site's 
commander General Anatoliy Tarasov. The vice-premier said that 
those issues would be dealt with in Almaty with 
Commander-in-Chief of Russia's Air Defense Forces 
General-Lieutenant Viktor Prudnikov. 
  Abilsiitov said the lease agreement for Sary-Shagan would 
differ from the one for Baykonur in that Priozyorsk would remain 
a fully Kazakh town. A national center for radio-electronics 
and communications, he said, was currently being set up there, 
and the ore mining company Balkhash would also finish building 
an enrichment center and begin to refine gold ores there in July. 
  Abilsiitov pointed out that those organizations would, 
jointly with the Russian servicemen, be responsible for the 
town's well-being. 

