Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] A delegation from the Nigerian War College headed by 
Brigadier General Victor Malu, which is currently in Uganda on a 
study tour, has held discussions with the first deputy prime 
minister and national political commissar, Mr. Eriya Kategaya, 
and directors in the National Resistance Movement's [NRM] 
secretariat in Kampala. 
  The delegation, which comprises of senior Nigerian officers 
ranging from brigadier to colonels and Nigerian Government 
civilian representatives, is interested in studying the National 
Resistance Movement's structure to see what it could offer in 
the search for a solution to African political, social, and 
economic problems. The delegation has also visited Makerere 
University, where discussions were held with the political 
science and history departments of the university. 
  The first deputy prime minister and national political 
commissar, while opening the discussions, told Nigerian military 
officers of the need for Africa to find permanent solutions to 
its political problems and informed them that this has been the 
chief mission of the National Resistance Movement. He spoke of 
the need to involve the population in politics and to think of 
what ought to be the role of the army in African politics. He 
said the army, which is the most organized part of society, 
cannot escape responsibility in politics of the nation. Mr. 
Kategaya also emphasized the issue of Africa devising its own 
solutions to its problems and commended Nigeria for its leading 
role in the efforts to bring about peace in Liberia. 

