CSO 

<F P=106> [Summary of the China International Trade Institute's 1993 </F>
academic year annual meeting, a joint symposium on articles 
solicited on "China's Foreign Trade Development and Reform" and 
"Thoughts and Explorations on Further Intensifying Foreign Trade 
Reform"] 
  [Text] The China International Trade Institute and the 
Chongqing Foreign Economic Relations and Trade Institute jointly 
held on 26-29 October 1993 in Chongqing City the China 
International Trade Institute's 1993 academic year annual 
meeting, a joint symposium on articles solicited on "China's 
Foreign Trade Development and Reform." MOFTEC Vice Minister Shi 
Guangsheng [4258 1639 3932] presented a written address at the 
symposium. Concerned experts and academics, such as Ji Chongwei 
[1323 1504 1218] [executive director of the State Council's 
Economic, Technological, and Social Development Research 
Center], He Fang [0149 2455], Chen Luzhi [7115 7627 4160], Huang 
Fanzhang [7806 5400 4545], and Li Fengting [2621 7364 0080] 
[vice president of the China National Chemicals Import and 
Export Corporation (SINOCHEM)], gave special reports on matters, 
such as the current international situation and China's foreign 
relations, economic cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region, 
China's foreign trade development strategy and intensification 
of foreign trade reform, and the conversion of operating forces 
and implementation of shareholding-system experiments by foreign 
trade enterprises. And over 100 participants from 28 provinces 
and cities throughout China held a heated discussion on the 
symposium's theme of "Ways To Establish a New Foreign Trade 
System and New Foreign-Trade-Enterprise Operating Forces 
Suited to the Needs of a Socialist Market Economy and 
International Trade Norms, To Promote the Sustained, Rapid, and 
Sound Growth of China's Foreign Trade." The major viewpoints 
were as follows: 
<H5>  I. Basic Views on China's Current Foreign Trade System </H5>
  The participating delegates held that through the last 15 
years of steady reform, while China's foreign trade system, 
particularly our export system, essentially conforms to 
international trade norms, with our export management and 
operations basically suited to the current need to establish a 
socialist market economy, certain unsuited parts still of course 
exist, which need to be gradually improved through intensified 
reform to meet the needs of developing a socialist market 
economy. The major issues that now need emphasis and 
intensified study to resolve are: 1) Our import-management 
system is severely backward, still managed through many 
administrative means of examination and approval. 2) Faced 
with "GATT reentry" and market economy development, many foreign 
trade enterprises are slow at converting their operating forces. 
In particular, the state-published "Regulations on Converting 
the Operating Forces of State-Owned Industrial Enterprises" and 
the foreign trade and economic cooperation sector's detailed 
implementation rules and regulations are not yet being 
implemented in many places, so need intensified implementation 
to ensure that foreign trade enterprises genuinely become 
import-export-commodity operators with independent operations, 
liability for profits and losses, and self-restraint and 
-development forces, to enhance their vigor and vitality, and 
improve their economic efficiency; 3. Our foreign trade 
legislation is weak, with its legal institutions and 
establishment in sharp need of strengthening, through forming as 
quickly as possible a complete legal system for socialist 
foreign trade and economic cooperation, in order to maintain a 
normal foreign trade order and ensure legitimate enterprise 
rights and interests, and to ensure that foreign trade reform is 
intensified steadily and our foreign trade and economic 
cooperation develop soundly. 4) Our foreign trade 
service-coordination mechanisms remain imperfect, meaning that 
we need to speed up reform of our Foreign-Trade-Commodity 
Chamber of Commerce to strengthen its service-coordination 
function, as well as bringing into full play the role of 
research and advisory bodies, such as foreign trade and economic 
cooperation research organs, colleges and universities, 
institutes, and associations. 5) Many local grass-roots foreign 
trade operations remain in difficulty, with system problems not 
yet essentially solved, requiring a faster pace of reform. 6) 
Regional barriers have not yet been dismantled fully, requiring 
the formation as quickly as possible of a consolidated policy 
and a uniform market, to adapt to expanded commodity circulation 
and deregulated operations. 
<H5>  II. Thoughts and Ideas on Further Intensifying Foreign Trade </H5>
Reform 
<H5>  1. On Establishing an Overall Foreign-Trade-Reform </H5>
Ideology, To Strengthen Related Ideas and Measures 
  The participants held that while our foreign trade reform is 
aimed at speeding up foreign trade growth, our foreign trade 
growth is faced with two large markets, domestic and overseas, 
subject to sharp and complex market competition, and restricted 
by many factors, both domestic and external. Our new foreign 
trade system needs to be suited not only to the needs of our 
socialist market economy and international trade norms, but also 
to those of domestic and overseas business and trade conditions, 
overseas business and trade developments (such as increased 
export earnings), and high foreign-trade economic efficiency. 
So we need to look at the overall situation, by working in 
close cooperation with other system reforms, such as of our 
overall national economy, particularly banking and foreign 
exchange, revenue and taxation, investment, and state-assets 
management, and by making overall plans for intensified related 
reforms. We need to emphasize the four related reforms of 
further improving our foreign trade macroeconomic regulation and 
control system, converting the operating forces of foreign trade 
enterprises, strengthening foreign trade service-coordination 
mechanisms, and establishing and perfecting legal safeguards and 
oversight mechanisms, by dovetailing them, making them 
complementary, operating them effectively, and bringing the 
functions and roles of all mechanisms into full play for a 
comprehensive effect. Meanwhile, we need to emphasize overall 
planning with due consideration for all concerned in foreign 
trade reform at all levels from the center to the local 
grass-roots, considering the real conditions and interrelations 
among foreign trade enterprises of all varying categories and 
various economic components, and by combining foreign trade with 
overseas business and investment, and our import and export 
systems, for overall related reforms. 
  Some papers summarized the substance of our new foreign 
trade 
system as follows: A new foreign trade system in a socialist 
market economy combining opening to the outside world with 
internal opening, mostly state-owned foreign trade enterprises 
with diversified economic components, standardized macroeconomic 
state management with independent enterprise operations, export 
incentives with correspondingly open import markets, and a 
consolidated, legalized, and internationalized national foreign 
trade policy with transparency. 
  Some participating delegates suggested that in the next five 
to seven years, we should take full reform steps that supplement 
each other for "three deregulations and two controls": 1) We 
should gradually deregulate our foreign trade operating 
authority, to ultimately elminate our examination and approval 
system for foreign trade operating authority. 2) We should 
gradually deregulate our import market, to realize the principle 
of import-export balance. 3) We should gradually deregulate our 
exchange rates and foreign exchange control system, by 
practicing a market-based single floating exchange rate system, 
and changing our quota system to a cash system, so that the RMB 
will be a convertible currency. 4) Based on stronger legal 
institutions, we should practice effective foreign trade 
control, so that our foreign trade policy becomes more uniform, 
legal, internationalized, and transparent. 5) We should tighten 
our foreign trade macroeconomic regulation and control 
capability, by using mostly economic means to bring the role of 
large- and medium-sized state enterprises into full play, while 
taking the necessary administrative and organizational steps. 
  Other papers suggested that our foreign trade and economic 
cooperation sector should be a relatively independent system, 
with reform operations needing macro-micro coordination and 
import-export consolidation, and that we should try a 
systems-analysis methodology to find the particular steps and 
necessary prerequisites for perfecting China's foreign trade 
system. And yet other papers used the evolution of the "general 
business and trade" order to study and explore ways to further 
intensify foreign trade reform. 
<H5>  2. On Further Perfecting Our Foreign Trade Macroeconomic </H5>
Regulation and Control System 
  The improvement of our foreign trade macroeconomic 
regulation 
and control system is aimed at using mostly economic, legal, and 
policy means supplemented with the necessary administrative ones 
to exercise effective macroeconomic regulation and control over 
foreign trade, so that it can grow in a sustained, rapid, and 
sound way with better economic efficiency. This will mean: 
  1. We need to speed up the conversion of 
responsible-government-department foreign trade functions, to 
strengthen their macroeconomic regulation and control 
capability. Some papers suggested that while the direction is 
separation of government administration from enterprise 
management, the conversion of enterprises from government 
subsidiaries to relatively independent commodity operators will 
require a process, to which the keys are how to take timely 
separation steps and correctly grasp the government-sector 
functional-conversion dynamics. It was suggested that we adopt 
the principles of "dividing up functions, demarcating status, 
making the best use of the situation, and succeeding when 
conditions ripen," with priorities being: A) To rationalize 
property rights relations, by separating government 
administration from business management, leaving the government 
functional sector to manage well state-owned assets. B) To 
reform our personnel system, by strengthening auditing 
oversight, leaving the government functional sector to select 
and appoint good managers. C) To tighten macroeconomic 
regulation and control, by ensuring fair competition, to force 
the government functional sector to enhance its trade 
management; the government functional sector needs to enhance 
its service-coordination in areas, such as credit funds, foreign 
trade shipping, foreign exchange management, information 
forecasting, and sending of personnel abroad. 
  2. We need to speed up reform of our foreign trade planned 
management system, using mainly macroeconomic planning and 
guidance targets to guide enterprise operating targets; for 
particularly important foreign trade commodities of importance 
to the national economy and the people's livelihood, we need to 
exercise quota control, to coordinate and balance domestic and 
overseas market supply and demand relations. Some participating 
delegates suggested that the state should draw up and publish 
national foreign-trade-export macroeconomic annual guidance 
plans, with all provinces, municipalities, and autonomous 
regions drawing up midlevel-economic foreign-trade-export 
guidance plans, leaving enterprises to set their own export 
plans based on macroeconomic targets and operating aims; planned 
quota control and distribution should be gradually converted to 
the Chamber of Commerce controlling overall export-commodity 
volume on its own under state guidance; we need to 
scientifically draw up mid- and long-term development plans for 
foreign trade exports, practicing a matched externally oriented 
industrial-development policy, to lay the industrial grounds for 
long-range growth of foreign trade exports. 
  3. We need to bring into full play the regulatory impact on 
foreign trade of economic leverage, such as exchange rates, 
credit, and taxation. We need to accelerate reform of our 
foreign exchange management system. Based on ensuring a 
national foreign exchange balance, we need to strive to realize 
as quickly as possible a controlled, unitary, floating exchange 
rate system; the central bank should set up a foreign exchange 
levelling fund, to regulate and control foreign-exchange-market 
supply and demand and exchange rates; exchange rates should be 
essentially adjusted to float according to market forces. Some 
participating delegates suggested that we should basically 
stabilize the RMB market exchange rate at a level slightly lower 
than its real value, while eliminating our method of foreign 
exchange quotas and enterprise payment to the state without 
compensation of some foreign exchange quotas; we should 
eliminate our foreign exchange sharing system, and establish an 
export tariff system; we should establish a uniform foreign 
exchange conversion market and a state import-export special 
bank; while maintaining the basic stability of the RMB exchange 
rate, we should gradually make it convertible, by beginning 
convertibility first in trade, and then gradually moving to 
capital convertibility. 
  As to the use of credit and tax leverage, some participating 
delegates suggested directly linking credit scale to export 
scale, and linking loan interest rates to export growth rates; 
the tax-rebate budget should be matched with export plans, with 
prompt and adequate rebates based on export achievements; income 
tax payments by foreign trade enterprises should use the 
export-growth progressive-regressive tax rate; tax-revenue 
reform should be speeded up, to achieve separation of taxes from 
profits; foreign trade company profits, except for tax payments, 
should be mostly kept by enterprises to make up working-capital 
shortages; China's overall tariffs should be adjusted down to 
the proper rational level for a developing country; the 
tariff-rate gap should be widened between finished products and 
raw materials, semi-finished products, and parts. 
<H5>  III. Thoughts and Suggestions on Converting the Operating </H5>
Forces of Foreign Trade Enterprises 
  Many participating delegates noted that converting 
enterprise 
operating forces is the central link in and grounds for 
promoting our socialist market economy establishment. In order 
to speed up the conversion of operating forces by foreign trade 
enterprises, the current key task is to intensify the 
implementation of the "Regulations" and the foreign trade and 
economic cooperation sector's detailed implementation rules and 
regulations, so that foreign trade enterprises can genuinely 
become independent foreign-trade-commodity operators with the 
"four independents," to put enterprise operations onto a 
market-economy track. Mainly the following thoughts and ideas 
were set forth to accomplish this: 
<H5>  1. Basic Thoughts on Converting the Operating Forces of </H5>
Foreign Trade Enterprises 
  Some participaing delegates noted that converting the 
operating forces of foreign trade enterprises means that foreign 
trade enterprises will have to meet the needs of market economy 
development as quickly as possible, by making operating autonomy 
their premise, liability for profits and losses their 
motivation, markets their orientation, economic efficiency their 
focus, optimum composition their grounds, and development of 
foreign trade and business their aim. New operating forces for 
foreign trade enterprises means establishing overall related 
mechanisms, such as decisionmaking mechanisms, development 
mechanisms, business accounting and financial management 
mechanisms, information collection and feedback mechanisms, and 
ideological and political work guarantees. 
  The key current steps for converting the operating forces of 
foreign trade enterprises are separating government 
administration from business management, and dividing up the two 
powers. This means rationalizing property rights relations, by 
inventorying the assets and funds of foreign trade 
enterprises, correctly assessing state assets, establishing an 
enterprise incorporation system and, through practicing 
shareholding, ensuring that foreign trade enterprises evolve 
internal plural property rights relations, thus cutting off the 
subsidiary relationship of enterprises to responsible government 
departments, and paving the way for foreign trade enterprises to 
achieve the "four independents." 
<H5>  2. Speeding Up the Conversion of Operating Forces by Large </H5>
and Medium-sized State-Owned Foreign Trade Enterprises 
  Through converting operating forces, we need to actively 
cultivate and develop large state-owned foreign trade 
enterprises (or groups), by bringing their dominant role into 
full play, in order to strengthen our socialist market economy 
foundation. Through intensified internal enterprise reform, we 
need to establish a modern business management system, to raise 
enterprise quality and shift the development focus of large and 
midsize state-owned foreign trade enterprises to a track of 
higher economic efficiency, so that they can make greater 
contributions to national export earnings. The state needs to 
provide the climate and grounds for fair competition to large 
and medium-sized state-owned foreign trade enterprises, 
supporting and encouraging enterprises to take the route of 
conglomeration, industrialization, and internationalization. 
Some papers suggested that domestic credit should be slanted 
toward large state-owned foreign trade enterprises; control of 
overseas loans to large foreign trade enterprises should be 
appropriately eased; the state-owned asset appreciation rate, or 
operating scale and efficiency, should be the basic criterion 
for assessing the proficiency of large and medium-sized 
state-owned foreign trade enterprises. 
<H5>  3. Sharply Improving Management Within Enterprises </H5>
  We need to establish and improve all internal-management 
rules and regulations, particularly strengthening financial and 
fund management, control of subordinate and overseas enterprises 
at all levels, and oversight and control of investment and 
shareholding enterprises; we need to emphasize the development 
of the employee ranks, finding ways to stop the talent outflow. 
Some papers suggested that foreign trade enterprises need to 
establish a talent concept, by setting up ability mechanisms, to 
raise enterprise-employee quality; we need to intensify reform 
of enterprise personnel and labor-wage systems, advertising for 
company managers based on the principles of "openness, equality, 
competition, and excellence," and eliminating enterprise 
administrative rankings; we need to make company managers more 
professional and group-oriented, to form a rational professional 
management group structure, by regarding management as a 
specialized profession, to achieve professional management; we 
need to adopt diversified forms of regular specialized education 
and training for enterprise employees, by steadily upgrading 
employee knowledge and skills, to meet the personnel needs of 
foreign business and trade and enterprise operating development 
in various stages, so that enterprises can maintain strong vigor. 
<H5>  4. On Actively Promoting Enterprise Structural Reorganization </H5>
  We need to use forms, such as shareholding and holding 
[companies], to form many subsidiary companies, joint-venture 
enterprises, and enterprises with domestic links, to achieve the 
optimum disposition of human, financial, and material factors; 
we need to develop shareholding group-enterprises with 
integrated production, supply, and sales, moving in the 
direction of multi-functional, industrialization, multipurpose, 
and internationalization; we need to organize a comprehensive 
business association to achieve operation of scale. 
  The symposium discussed the matter of shareholding 
experiments by foreign trade enterprises, suggesting the 
problems that need attention in experimental work. The 
participating delegates held that while the work of conducting 
shareholding experiments in China's foreign trade enterprises 
had begun rather late, it was developing very quickly, with the 
current issues needing attention being: experiments must 
strictly adhere to the pertinent state-set rules and 
regulations, being conducted according to state-provided policy 
and examination and approval formalities and standards; we need 
to experiment actively and boldly, first experimenting and then 
disseminating, moving from the easy to the hard for steady 
development; the current priority is to do a good job of 
attracting enterprise employees to buy shares in 
limited-liability company experiments, with qualified 
enterprises allowed to conduct limited-company experiments 
through directed or public fundraising; experimental enterprises 
must conduct objective assets assessments according to pertinent 
provisions, correctly dividing up and dealing with the matter of 
state assets and enterprise assets. As enterprise shareholding 
in China is still a new thing, with how to organically combine 
the successful experience of advanced Western countries with 
China's national conditions and foreign trade enterprise 
realities being a new problem, we need to act in the light of 
practical experience, while continuing to study and explore. 
  Some of the symposium's papers and deliberation statements 
also studied and explored matters, such as policy and strategic 
problems related to intensified foreign trade reform, and 
foreign trade operations, presenting certain thoughts and 
suggestions. In addition, this symposium also explored the new 
state of economic cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region and the 
matter of strengthening cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region, 
as well as analyzing and studying the Fifth APEC Ministerial 
Conference that would be held in mid-November in Seattle, and 
the idea put forth by U.S. President Clinton for the 
establishment of a "New Asia-Pacific Community." 

