BFN 

<F P=106> [HINA report: "Kuna Also in Serbia"] </F>
  [Text] Zagreb (HINA) -- As Radio Belgrade reported in its 
program dedicated to economic issues, Governor of "the National 
Bank of Yugoslavia" Dragoslav Avramovic has announced "a better 
economic and more open financial cooperation of the majority of 
Balkan states." Taking part in TANJUG's guest public tribune in 
Belgrade, Avramovic spoke of his recent visit in the United 
States and participation the conference on banking and business 
cooperation in Athens and said: "We have agreed on ways to 
trade with securities and interest was displayed in this sense 
for Croatia also to take part in the cooperation program that 
has already been agreed. Although there is resistance in 
Belgrade for allegedly ideological reasons, it is a long-term 
interest of our country to facilitate payment, purchase, and 
access to all West European currencies and thus also to the 
Croatian currency, regardless of what it is called. Any banker 
will tell you that money knows no borders, and any governor, if 
he is any good, can prove this.... 
  "There are many practical reasons for which Investbanka will 
facilitate the exchange of kunas for dinars. If people receive 
pensions in kunas then we must make it easier for these people, 
with a realistic exchange rate based on the relation to the 
German mark, to purchase goods in Serbia...." said the other 
participant at TANJUG's tribune Stojan Dabic, director general 
of Investbanka and the chairman of the federal securities' 
commission. 

