Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By Sofia Wu] </F>
  [Text] Taipei, March 23 (CNA) -- Russian scientists are 
flocking to Taiwan for work, a National Science Council (NSC) 
official reported Wednesday [23 March]. 
  Twenty-three Russian scientists are now teaching or doing 
research at various Taiwan universities, accounting for 
one-tenth of the total number of foreign high-technology 
personnel the NSC hires annually, said NSC Vice Chairman Hu 
Ching-piao. 
  The cabinet-level council has received many job applications 
from Russia in the past two years, Hu said. "The Russians have 
mostly applied for teaching and research jobs in Taiwan," he 
added. 
  "The increase in the number of job seekers from Russia may 
be 
prompted by higher pay here," Hu noted. 
  Hu, who visited Russia last June as the head of a delegation 
of Taiwan officials and scientists, pointed out that Russia is 
highly advanced in such high-tech fields as material sciences, 
optoelectronics and aerospace engineering. 
  "Taiwan will benefit from strengthening technological 
exchanges with Russia," Hu said. 
  He noted that language barriers and Russian red tape may be 
the two greatest obstacles to promoting Taiwan-Russian 
scientific and technological exchanges. 
  Hu said the NSC is considering setting up a representative 
office in Moscow to facilitate bilateral technological 
cooperation and recruitment of Russia scientists. 
  Meanwhile, the government-funded Industrial Technology 
Research Institute said it will send officials to Russia in May 
to recruit Russian engineers and technicians to work for private 
enterprises here. 
  A group of senior executives from Russian small and medium 
sized businesses is scheduled to visit Taiwan in may to seek 
possible trade and joint-venture opportunities, NSC sources said. 

