BFN 

<F P=106> [Article by Joao Domingos] </F>
  [Text] Brasilia -- The Socialist Convergence -- a political 
faction that had been expelled from the Workers Party [PT] 
because of its radical, intolerant ideas -- has managed to join 
the front that will support the presidential candidacy of Luis 
Inacio Lula da Silva. Under the new name of Unified Socialist 
Workers Party (PSTU) [Partido Socialista dos Trabalhadores 
Unificado], the former Socialist Convergence wants to influence 
Lula's campaign with slogans calling for an "anticapitalist" 
Brazil that will accept "no masters." 
  The PSTU has only two federal deputies: Ernesto Gradella 
(Sao 
Paulo) and Maria Luiza Fontenelle (Ceara); and few members in 
the states. The PSTU, which follows an ultraleftist, Trotskyite 
line, has its stronghold in Sao Paulo. The PSTU criticizes the 
PT, describing it as "bourgeois." 
  PT members have been upset by the PSTU joining the coalition 
supporting Lula's candidacy. Deputy Paulo Delgado (PT-Minas 
Gerais State) finds it absurd for the PT to have accepted as 
allies those who had been expelled from the party for not 
following the party guidelines. Delgado said: "The left 
operates as an exclusive club in which there is ultimately 
greater solidarity among club members themselves than between 
the club and the people." He added: "Could people who do not 
respect anyone speak in someone's name?" 

