BFN 

  [Text] Tirana, March 31 (ATA) -- The interior minister of 
Serbia [as received], Radmilo Bogdanovic, acting deputy chairman 
of the Chamber of the Republics of the self-styled Yugoslavia, 
has warned that "all conditions exist" for a ban to the activity 
of the Democratic League of Kosova [LDK]. 
  Speaking of the present political situation in Kosova, in an 
interview with the Serbian newspaper JEDINSTVO of Pristine, the 
former head of police, Bogdanovic, who in 1989-1990 ordered the 
killing of scores of Albanian demonstrators, warned of "other 
Serbian actions in order to bring back to earth the Albanians 
who have been deceived by the LDK, and make them recognize the 
state of Serbia," Bogdanovic said. 
  Referring to the arrest of a group of Albanians, described 
as 
members of a certain "Defence Ministry" of Kosova, Bogdanovic 
stressed that this group in only one of the faults of the LDK. 
According to him, criminal acts are also considered the 
attendance of Albanian classes after the closure of the schools, 
the continuous medical service after the dismissal of all 
Albanian doctors from the hospitals of Kosova as well as all 
other activities carried out by the Albanians out of the Serbian 
control. "The LDK and its leader, Ibrahim Rugova, are not yet 
accepting the fact that there is not and there will never be a 
Republic of Kosova in the territory of Serbia and Yugoslavia," 
Bogdanovic declared. He implied that Serbia is resolute to 
continue the road of war when he threatened that "Rugova is 
involving the Albanian national minority into new complications 
and problems." Bogdanovic addressed to international 
organizations, warning them that Serbia "Will not accept anyone 
to send there delegations and commissions for control." He gave 
a negative response to the request by the CSCE to send its 
observers in Kosova, nervously saying that "They should consult 
competent authorities in the ministries, should accept 
information and reports by respective ministries and must not to 
reach conclusions based on the statements by Ibrahim Rugova and 
other members of the LDK." 

