BFN 

<F P=106> [By Y. C. Tsai] </F>
  [Text] Taipei, June 1 (CNA) -- If calculated on the basis 
of market value, betel nut is the top agricultural item in 
Taiwan, officials of the Council of Agriculture (COA) said 
Wednesday [1 Jun]. 
  Taiwan currently boasts about 64.5 million betel palms, they 
pointed out, adding that if each palm produces 413 nuts each 
year, annual output tops 26.63 billion nuts. 
  If each betel nut sells at NT$2 (us$0.074), the total annual 
value will reach NT [new Taiwan] $53.26 billion (US$1.97 
billion), much higher than NT$35 billion (US$1.31 billion) in 
annual rice production, they elaborated. 
  In fact, they said, a betel nut sometimes sells for as high 
as NT$20 (US$0.74). Judging from the market value, it is no 
surprise why the betel nut has been touted as the "green 
diamond" here, they noted. 
  The officials pointed out that a growing number of people 
here have a penchant for chewing betel nuts, which is known as 
"Taiwan's chewing gum." 
  The number of betel nut chewers, which totaled about 1.8 
million in 1990, might soar to 2.8 million in 1994, they noted. 
  Betel nut has also replaced sugarcane as Taiwan's second 
largest agricultural item in terms of production area, while 
rice remains on top, the COA officials added. 
  Citing the 1993 annual report on agriculture issued by the 
Taiwan Provincial Department of Agriculture and Forestry, the 
officials said the size of betel nut plantations increased from 
5,772 hectares in 1983 to 41,535 hectares in 1992, marking a 
nearly eight-fold jump in nine years. 
  The dramatic increase in the size of betel nut plantations 
was fueled by market demand despite the government's "three-no" 
policy towards the nut. The policy stipulates no prohibition, 
no encouragement, and no promotion of betel nut use, they said. 

