BFN 

  [Text] An official of the Ministry of Industry, Mines, and 
Energy revealed recently that Intercore, an American investment 
company dealing in electricity which has signed an agreement on 
a project to build a 100-megawatt electric plant in Phnom Penh 
seems to be having problems. 
  The official said that one and a half months have elapsed 
since an agreement was signed on construction of an electric 
plant on 26 April between the company and the Ministry of 
Industry, Mines, and Energy. But, until now, this big American 
company has not gotten in touch with the ministry. He added 
that one week after the official signing ceremony held under the 
joint chairmanship of the second prime minister and His 
Excellency Charles Twining, U.S. ambassador, a representative of 
the American company went to remind the ministry to quickly find 
a location for the plant so that construction arrangements for 
the project could be made after a short trip to the United 
States. 
  Half of the 90-day initiation period for the American 
company 
to start construction has now elapsed. According to the 
agreement, if nothing is initiated within 90 days after the 
signing, the agreement is considered worthless. 
  The ministry has already arranged a plot of land, 10,000 
square meters, near the SKD [Cambodian Distillery Plant] for 
building the plant as requested by the representative. 
  Another official of the Ministry of Industry, Mines, and 
Energy revealed that the American company seems to be having 
problems. He added that the ministry will wait a few more weeks 
at most before concluding that the company really faces problems 
if it remains silent. 

