BFN 

  [Text] Zvornik, April 6 (TANJUG) -- An all-out Moslem 
offensive on the Bosnian Serb republic goes on, but the Bosnian 
Serb army has checked Moslem onslaughts along all directions, 
Major-General Milan Gvero, assistant supreme commander of the 
Bosnian Serb army, said on Wednesday. 
  The most intensive Moslem offensive actions are still in the 
Gorazde area, a Moslem enclave in eastern Bosnia-Herzegovina, 
Gen. Gvero told TANJUG. 
  Gen. Gvero believes that, after a series of military 
defeats, 
the Moslem side will realize that the problem of 
Bosnia-Herzegovina can only be resolved through negotiations, to 
the end of which the Serb side has been making continued efforts. 
  Bosnian Serb army sources said that Serb localities and 
Bosnian Serb army positions in the Sava valley, northern Bosnia, 
have been attacked from mortars and other weapons along a number 
of directions, while Brcko came under multiple rocket-launcher 
fire. 
  In northern Bosnia, Moslem attacks continue on Bosnian Serb 
army positions and Serb localities in Mt. Ozren and Vlasic, the 
Doboj area, and so do offensive actions from the broader area of 
Orasje, a town in northern Bosnia. 
  Moslem attacks from the direction of Prus on Serb defence 
lines in the Vrbas valley, central Bosnia, have been intensive, 
while fighting in the direction of the Kupres plateau and Bihac 
in western Bosnia has resumed. 
  In Sarajevo, Moslem provocations from infantry weapons on 
the 
Serb-populated sections of the city, do not cease. 
  The Bosnian Serb army is successfully preventing frequent 
attempts of infiltration of Moslem terrorist-commando groups 
into the the Serb forces' rear, Gen. Gvero said. 

