Language: <F P=105> Polish </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article under the rubric "People": "Zbigniew </F>
Religa"] 
  [Text] Professor Zbigniew Religa was elected the new 
president of the Non-Party Bloc in Support of Reform (BBWR). "As 
long as my name is already associated with the BBWR, I would 
like that this group be something I can be proud of. For this to 
be so, I realized that I would have to become active in it," 
said Senator Religa. He also stated that the BBWR would soon be 
converted into a political party. The Bloc leader to date, Jacek 
Lipinski, resigned. 
  Zbigniew Religa was born on 16 December 1938 in Miedniew. He 
graduated from the Department of Cardiosurgery of the Academy of 
Medicine in Warsaw in 1963. During the 1970's, he held research 
training positions at Mercy Hospital Rockville Center and the 
Deborah Heart and Lung Center in New York, and at Sinai Hospital 
in Detroit. He worked at, among other places, the Warsaw 
Institute of Cardiology and at the II Clinic of Cardiosurgery. 
Since 1984, he has been director of the Chair of Cardiosurgery 
at the Silesian Medical Academy in Katowice and at the 
Cardiosurgery Clinic in Zabrze. Religa established the 
Foundation for the Development of Cardiosurgery and also created 
the Research and Training Center for the purpose of research on 
biological valves and artificial hearts. He firmly established 
his popularity by organizing charity concerts. In the future, he 
plans to open an International Medical Center in Zabrze. Prof. 
Religa worked out his own method of operating on hipoplasia of 
the left side of the heart and its transplant. He is the author 
of over 50 works on the subject of cardiosurgery. In the last 
parliamentary elections, he won a record number of votes and was 
named Senate candidate under BBWR auspices. 
  Prof. Religa is married and has a son and a daughter. His 
hobby is angling. 

