BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Seven O'Clock Newscast"] </F>
  [Text] A preliminary investigation into the controversial 
and revealing narco telephone conversation between journalist 
Alberto Giraldo and Cali Cartel boss Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela 
shows that it is very likely that the recording was made from 
one of the telephones of the two speakers. In turn, the 
recording probably did not result from a wiretap installed by a 
third party. 
  According to what the "Seven O'Clock Newscast" has been able 
to learn, a preliminary report by the Prosecutor General's 
Office, which was based on a report by DAS [Administrative 
Department of Security] experts in wire tapping, shows that the 
narco-cassette was recorded by one of the two speakers. This 
means that journalist Alberto Giraldo or Rodriguez Orejuela 
intentionally recorded their conversations from one of their own 
telephones. 
  The Prosecutor General's Office has been unable to determine 
which of the two made the recording. The sound has been found 
to be so clear that the recording had to be made with the use of 
a radio studio console. This information will be verified and 
reconfirmed within the next few days by Prosecutor General 
Gustavo de Greiff, and it could radically alter the course of 
the investigation. 
  The Prosecutor General's Office today insisted on summoning 
the people mentioned in the recording to come forward and 
testify. 

