Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["Dangerous Arms Buildup"--KCNA headline] </F>
  [Text] Pyongyang, March 19 (KCNA) -- The Japanese Prime 
Minister, Morihiro Hosokawa, openly declared a few days ago that 
"the reexamination of the general principles of the defence 
program is not aimed at slashing defence capabilities" and a 
liberal democratic dietman contended that "the self-defense 
forces cannot be reduced in view of the situation of the Korean 
peninsula which remains strained after the end of the Cold War". 
  Commening on this, a news analyst of NODONG SINMUN today 
says: 
  This proves that the Japanese authorities are trying to 
further legalize their schemes for overseas expansion and the 
conversion of Japan into a military power, throwing away even 
the mask of much-advertised "arms cut policy after the end of 
the Cold War." 
  The declaration of the Japanese reactionaries that the 
reexamination and revision of the "general principles of the 
defence program" is not aimed at reducing the "self-defense 
forces" is a malicious challenge to the aspiration of the world 
people and the demand of the time for the relaxation of tensions 
and peace. 
  Whenever an opportunity presents itself, the Japanese 
reactionaries do not forget to cry over the "nuclear threat" 
from the DPRK, distorting the fact as if it is rendering the 
situation unstable and thus presenting threat to Japan. This is 
a crafty ruse to brand the DPRK as the very one responsible for 
the aggravation of tension and gratify their wild desire for 
overseas expansion and conversion of Japan into a military power 
under this pretext. 
  By stating that it will build up arms because of the DPRK, 
Japan means to resort to an armed action against the DPRK. We 
cannot remain an overlooker to this. 
  As Japan intends to step up nuclear armament on a legal 
basis, ascribing it to us, we have no alternative but to 
reconsider our position toward the denuclearisation of the 
Korean peninsula. 
  The Japanese reactionaries had better look straight at the 
reality and stop running amuck. 

