BFN 

  [Text] Hanoi VNA April 23 -- Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet 
received here yesterday Asian Development Bank (ADB) President 
Mitsuo Sato, who is here to sign agreements to provide loans to 
Vietnam for upgrading the Ho Chi Minh-Nha Trang motorway and 
restoring the water supply and drainage system in Ho Chi Minh 
City. 
  At the reception, the ADB president expressed his 
satisfaction at the strong commitment of the Vietnamese 
Government to develop a cooperation with the ADB and other 
countries in the region. He highly appreciated the achievements 
recorded by the Vietnamese people in their renovation process. 
President Mitsuo Sato affirmed that the ADB could continue 
expanding its cooperation with Vietnam and be ready to offer 
Vietnam assistance in capital to reconstruct the country. He 
said ADB would make avaiable 300 USD milion in 1994 and 350 USD 
million in 1995. Also yesterday Mr Sato attended the third 
sub-regional economic cooperation conference currently held in 
Hanoi. For his part, Prime Minister Kiet thanked ADB and other 
international financial and monetary organizations for their 
assistance in finance,and experience in management and personnel 
training. He stressed that ABD's assistance was one of the 
factors that had contributed to the stability of the Vietnamese 
economy. He said he hoped that the relations between Vietnam 
and ADB would be further developed in many fields, and Vietnam 
would do its best to bring into play ADB and other financial and 
monetary organizations' assistance. President Mitsuo Sato also 
met with the governor of the Vietnam State Bank Cao Sy Kiem. 
Host and guest exchanged views on the development of the 
bilateral cooperation in domains of banking and finance between 
Vietnam and ADB. 

