Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Seoul, Jan. 7 (YONHAP) -- South Korean cars are 
popular in Russia because of their relatively low cost at a 
quality similar to Japanese and European cars, sources in Korea 
Trade Promotion Corp. (KOTRA) and automakers said Friday. 
Korean cars sell for 5,000 U.S. dollars to 7,000 dollars less 
than their Japanese and European counterparts in Russia. 
  Because Hyundai and Kia opened dealerships in Russia last 
year, and are able to sell new cars here, and because Daewoo and 
Ssangyong are seeking sales outlets, exports to Russia are 
expected to be over 10,000 cars this year, the sources agreed. 
Hyundai Motor Corp. exported 1,500 cars to Russia last year and 
plans to double the amount this year. Daewoo Motor Co., which 
shipped 1,816 cars to Russia last year, expects to triple the 
number this year after setting up sales outlets. 
  Kia Motors Corp., which insists on cash payment, sold 200 
cars on the Russian market last year, and anticipates exporting 
500 this year. 
  Korean cars are exported to Russia under Generalized System 
of Preferences (GSP) status and subject to a tariff of 12.5 
percent, half the amount levied on Japanese and European cars. 
In addition, they gained price competitiveness from the strong 
Japanese yen. 
  "Because the roads are bad in Russia, cars need to be tough 
and cold-proof and Korean products are assessed to have equal 
qualities of those of Japan, the United States, Germany, and 
Sweden in that respect at a lower cost," a KOTRA official said. 
While other foreign cars cost between 15,000 dollars and 20,000 
dollars each, Korean cars are sold at 8,000 dollars to 15,000 
dollars. 

