Language: <F P=105> Italian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Russian Duma Chairman Ivan Petrovich Rybkin </F>
by Sergio Sergi in Moscow; date not given] 
  [Text] Moscow -- He cites the most famous Russian 
fairy-tale writers, but he likes Lenin the "social democrat." 
He cites French intellectuals and recalls popular proverbs. 
"Professor" Ivan Rybkin spoke with us in his office on the 18th 
floor of a glass skyscraper where the Duma, over which he 
presides, is located. 
  [Sergi] My first question: What concerns you most in the 
uncertain Russia of today? 
  [Rybkin] My chief concern is seeking consensus, seeking 
interaction between the various branches of power, between 
parliament and the president. I am dedicating a great deal of 
effort to this, and I do not think I have been wasting my time. 
The Duma representatives support me. We are convinced that 
nothing can be achieved in Russia without civil peace and 
consensus. The events in October put us on our guard: Russia's 
problems cannot be resolved by one force alone. 
  [Sergi] You talk about unity but how do you explain the 
Duma's vote concerning the establishment of a commission to 
inquire into the October happenings. Is that a challenge to 
Yeltsin? 
  [Rybkin] Absolutely not. We must always search for the 
truth. 
  [Sergi] Do you think the president will take this badly? 
  [Rybkin] I don't think so. We had a meeting and found that 
we were speaking the same language on many issues. 
  [Sergi] Can you rule out further clashes? 
  [Rybkin] Life is complicated. When we return home we never 
know how our wife will greet us... 
  [Sergi] And you always get home late... 
  [Rybkin] Let us say that on the whole there can be good 
relations with the president. Many people are starting to 
realize that sharing power does not mean causing rifts, by any 
means. The people want cooperation in power. 
  [Sergi] But I am not sure having the same parliamentary 
makeup helps. Yeltsin would have preferred a different 
parliament. 
  [Rybkin] I don't know; he has never expressed his 
disapproval. Moreover, how can he take it out on his own people? 
The citizens have their representatives. The parliamentary 
makeup reflects the moods of the people. 
  [Sergi] Would you call yourself a former Communist? 
  [Rybkin] Yes, I have already spoken about this. As far back 
as 1991 it was quite clear that there was a strong social 
democratic faction in the CPUS. Its declared program was quite 
clear and enshrined the principles of the plurality of property 
and economic management, and the principle of democratic unity 
instead of democratic centralism. The only name we can give 
that is social democracy. I think of Lenin, the NEP [New 
Economic Policy], and my grandfather who was right to say that, 
if Lenin had lived longer, a lot of things would have gone 
differently. Today I am saying that an accord can be reached 
between parliament, government, and the president. 
  [Sergi] So Fedorov did the right thing by resigning over the 
change in policy? 
  [Rybkin] Every cloud has a silver lining. 
  [Sergi] Your problem in the Duma is Zhirinovskiy. 
  [Rybkin] I would call that a problem of political and human 
temperament. 
  [Sergi] Do you consider him simply an intemperate deputy? 
  [Rybkin] What I just said is true, but there is something 
else as well. Probably he perceives keenly what others also 
perceive, for example a certain restlessness nationwide. He is 
seeking his electorate and finding it, just like any other 
politician. Is there any restlessness? Yes, and it can be 
exploited. That is what he is doing. Perhaps some people like 
that and find it useful. 
  [Sergi] The Duma and the war in Bosnia: Yes or no to the 
bombing? 
  [Rybkin] The whole world, especially Europe, has seen 
twice how easy it is to enter Serbia and also how difficult it 
is to get out. My experience tells me that those threatening to 
use weapons have not done their military service. My father was 
injured during the war in 1944 when he was 17, I wore my boots 
out during my military service, so did my brothers, and we have 
no desire to put them on again. Some would very much like to 
test new weapons in today's Europe. How many potential 
Chernobyl's lie hidden in Bosnia? 
  [Sergi] To what extent have nationalistic feelings 
influenced Russia's position? 
  [Rybkin] That is not true. The Russian people know what war 
is, they have had frequent firsthand experience. Think of the 
suffering in Leningrad. The feeling for suffering has always 
been a part of Russian awareness. Certain facts cannot be 
forgotten. 
  [Sergi] Let us talk about the government. Has the policy 
changed? No more shock therapy? 
  [Rybkin] It is always dangerous to make sudden changes. 
Doing "everything all at once" is very dangerous. Our 
monopolistic system cannot be destroyed with just one cavalier 
blow, nor was there any need to destroy it. Instead, many noses 
were broken. The country must simply try to gradually make the 
private and public sectors live together. 
  [Sergi] The Constitution does not assign much power to your 
parliament. 
  [Rybkin] Power is a subtle thing. Parliamentary power is 
even subtler. The fact is that what we rest on are the moods of 
the people, the great legitimacy of being elected 
representatives. We possess a powerful weapon called the 
formation of public awareness. What power does a priest have? 
Formally none. But... 
  [Sergi] Wouldn't you like to modify the Constitution? 
  [Rybkin] There are four or five points that qualify for 
change. But I would not worry about that now. The people 
understand. They know that there is too much power on one side. 
It is a matter of time. How much power did De Gaulle have in 
France? Yet parliament and the country helped him. It is a 
matter of time... 
  [Sergi] Except outside parliament... 
  [Rybkin] Those who think they can govern in that way are 
grossly mistaken. What happened in October was a defeat for 
everybody. 
  [Sergi] Yeltsin will adress the houses next Friday [18 
February]. Do you hope that he will hold out a hand? 
  [Rybkin] I am hoping for an unprejudiced view of the Russian 
political and economic situation. An honest analysis of what we 
have achieved and of what remains to be done. And how the 
president proposes to resolve the crisis. Including the help we 
can give him. 

