BFN 

  [Text] Hamburg (DPA) -- Russian Prime Minister Viktor 
Chernomyrdin has expressed harsh criticism of the behavior of 
the leading Western industrialized states. In an interview with 
the Hamburg magazine STERN, which is published in its latest 
edition, he said: "If we had received the promised $24 billion, 
we would not have suffered such a slump. Then reforms would 
have been easier. All these Western promises of the past years 
were not fulfilled." 
  "Germany," the Russian prime minister said, "is the key 
country for us. The Germans understand us best. But they are 
not investing enough." He appealed to the German entrepreneurs: 
"Do not be afraid of investing in Russia. We have gotten 
through the worst." Corruption and extortion of protection money 
by the Mafia are "a big problem," Chernomyrdin admitted: "We 
need extremely tough measures against crime. There must finally 
be order -- just as in Germany." 
  In the interview, Chernomyrdin said that rumors about 
President Boris Yeltsin's health are "insulting": "Yeltsin is 
the master of the situation. He will complete his term of 
office -- until 1996." 
  At the Bundestag election in October, the Russian prime 
minister obviously counts on Chancellor Helmut Kohl. In the 
STERN interview he said: "The German people, who I value very 
highly, will make the right choice. I respect Mr. Kohl very 
much. Personally, I would welcome it if he remained chancellor." 
  (The interview was prereleased to DPA in an editorial 
version.) 

