BFN 

  [Excerpt] Bonn (DDP/ADN) -- The German Government will 
support efforts to clearly strengthen Europe's economic 
competitiveness during its EU [European Union] presidency. To 
this end it is to submit, with Great Britain, an initiative on 
increased deregulation in the Union, government spokesman Dieter 
Vogel announced today in the run-up to the EU Council meeting, 
which takes place in Corfu Friday and Saturday [24-25 Jun]. 
  In the debate on the economic situation in the EU, the 
German 
Government will also make demands at the meeting for 
debureaucratization in the EU and for consistent application of 
the principle of subsidiarity, he said. 
  According to Vogel, representatives of the future new 
members: Austria, Sweden, Norway, and Finland will also attend 
the Council meeting and sign the accession agreements. It is 
also expected that the partnership agreement with Russia, the 
talks for which have been concluded, will be signed and sealed 
in Corfu. It has already been reported that President Boris 
Yeltsin himself is to go to Corfu. The government spokesman 
also expressed hope that the matter of the future president of 
the EU Commission will be settled at the Council meeting. 
  At the meeting, the German chancellor will also renew his 
call for Western industrial nations to provide extra resources 
to ensure safety at nuclear power stations in Central and East 
Europe. [passage omitted] 

