Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By reporter Jia Quanxin (6328 0356 2946)] </F>
  [Text] Beijing, 30 Jan (ZHONGGUO XINWEN SHE) -- Qian 
Guanlin, director of the Chinese Customs Administration, said 
here today that Chinese Customs will continue to earnestly 
perform its anti-smuggling functions and continue to sternly 
crack down on smuggling. 
  Over the past year, Chinese Customs has sternly attacked 
smuggling activities, recovering over 2.346 billion yuan of 
smuggled goods and turning over 1.777 billion yuan of penalties 
and confiscated money, an increase of 78 percent and 83 percent, 
respectively over the previous year. 
  In view of the characteristics of smuggling activities under 
the conditions of reform, opening up, and a socialist market 
economy this year, Qian Guanlin said, the investigation bureau 
of the Customs Administration will directly organize and take 
part in the investigation and handling of complicated major 
cases, which involve a huge value and which transcend regions. 
  To adopt forceful measures against the illegal activities of 
smuggling, Qian said, we should gradually set up a highly 
centralized sea-land-air national headquarters against smuggling 
and establish a national customs information system within 
Customs, which is connected with law enforcement organs and 
information departments. We should strengthen the antismuggling 
functions of Customs, closely follow marine and border smuggling 
activities, and resolutely crack down on smuggling. 
  On the supervision over import and export commodities 
restricted by the state, Qian Guanlin said, dutiable commodities 
without license should be returned or confiscated according to 
law or sold at current prices strictly in light of regulations. 
It is necessary to strengthen supervision over the rare species 
and controlled commodities, punish the illegal transfer of 
textiles, strictly enforce regulations, and safeguard the 
state's interests. 

