Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article: "The ALCATEL-ALSTHOM Diplomacy"] </F>
  [Text] According to his advisors, Francois Mitterrand had a 
rather tense conversation with Edouard Balladur on Friday, 14 
January, at the Elysee [offices of the president of the 
Republic]. The object of the presidential ire was the communique 
on the reconciliation between France and Communist China. 
  Always according to a member of his entourage, Mitterrand 
heatedly protested to the prime minister against the very terms 
of this communique in which France accepted all the conditions 
imposed by the Chinese to reestablish normal diplomatic 
relations. To wit, the refusal to sell new arms to Taiwan and 
the acknowledgment by Paris that Taiwan belongs to Communist 
China. This leads Elysee officials to say that, "Paris literally 
lay down in front of the Chinese, accepting all the demands that 
the Americans rejected. This does not prevent them from trading 
with Beijing China while still maintaining economic relations 
with Taiwan." 
  A number of high Ministry of Foreign Affairs officials are 
also screaming about the way the decision was made: 
"Negotiations were conducted, not by a professional, but by an 
amateur, Jacques Friedmann" (a close Balladur advisor). 
"Friedmann literally let himself fall into a trap set by the 
Chinese. In reality, all of this only has one objective: to 
permit ALCATEL, FRAMATOME, GENERALE DES EAUX, and 
LYONNAISE-DUMEZ firms to obtain markets in China. As for human 
rights...." 
  A thoroughly unpleasant remark. Because renewing relations 
with China also allowed Balladur to make a small gift to Alain 
Peyrefitte, Rally for the Republic (RPR) deputy: Henceforth, 
Peyrefitte is personally in charge of reporting to the prime 
minister the hour at which China wakes up in the morning at the 
economic level. 
  The prime minister knows what to do to mollify an "internal 
enemy." 

