Language: <F P=105> Vietnamese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Roberto Robaina Gonzalez, the Republic of Cuba's 
foreign minister who is on an official visit to Vietnam, held a 
meeting on 22 March with the leaders of the Vietnam Fatherland 
Front Central Committee, Confederation of Vietnamese Workers, 
Vietnam Women Union Central Committee, Ho Chi MInh Communist 
Youth Federation, Union of Vietnam Peace, Solidarity, and 
Friendship Organizations, and the Vietnam-Cuba Friendship 
Association. The Cuban ambassador in Vietnam, Comrade Tania 
Maceira Delgado, was also present. 
  On behalf of all the above mentioned organizations, Comrade 
Pham Van Kiet, vice president and secretary general of the 
Vietnam Fatherland Front Central Committee, praised the 
brotherly solidarity between the peoples of Vietnam and Cuba and 
affirmed Vietnam's consistent support for the brother people of 
Cuba in their struggle to protect the country and build up 
socialism. 
  Minister Roberto Robaina Gonzalez heartily thanked the 
party, 
government, and people of Vietnam for the material and moral 
support in the past which he considered a great encouragement to 
the revolutionary cause of the Cuban people. He wished the 
people of Vietnam ever greater accomplishments in the national 
construction undertaking. 
  On this occasion the Cuban foreign minister delivered awards 
to three Vietnamese children who won the Cuba and I competition. 

