BFN 

<F P=106> [By reporter Li Jiasheng (2621 1367 5116)] </F>
  [Text] New Delhi, 8 Apr (XINHUA) -- Julius Chan, Papuan 
New Guinean deputy prime minister and minister of finance and 
planning who has been heading the Papua New Guinean delegation 
to the 50th annual meeting of the Asian-Pacific Economic and 
Social Countil, met with Liu Huaqiu, Chinese vice foreign 
minister and head of the PRC delegation, here today. 
  Julius Chan said: Papua New Guinea and China share many 
similarities and common interests. Since the establishment of 
diplomatic relations, the two countries have scored notable 
achievements in bilateral cooperation, especially in economics 
and trade. The prospects for further cooperation between the 
two countries are great. The Papua New Guinean Government is 
willing to strengthen cooperation, expand exchange, and 
establish all-around mutually beneficial friendly and 
cooperative relations with China. He added that the Papua New 
Guinean Government will continue to implement the "One China" 
policy and hopes the Chinese people will accomplish the great 
cause of motherland reunification at an early date. 
  Liu Huaqiu said: It is China's established policy to 
strengthen and develop friendly and cooperative relations with 
Papua New Guinea and other South Pacific nations. We are happy 
to see more and more South Pacific countries adopt the strategy 
of "integrating with Asia" and attach great importance to 
developing relations with China. China is willing to expand 
cooperation with them on the basis of the five principles of 
peaceful coexistence, and we believe there are broad prospects 
for cooperation. 
  On 7 April, Liu Huaqiu also met with Serge Vohor, head of 
the 
Vanuatu delegation who is the minister of economic affairs and 
tourism; as well as heads of the Bangladesh and Sri Lankan 
delegations. 

