BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by correspondent Dias Mahachi in Tete] </F>
  [Text] Afonso Dhlakama's soldiers confined in Sinjale 
assembly area, Mutarara District, Tete Province have barricaded 
the Cambulatsitse-Mutarara road since yesterday demanding food. 
Two vehicles belonging to World Vision International carrying 
seeds and agricultural implements have been held hostages by the 
soldiers as a way of forcing the UN Operations in Mozambique 
[Unomoz] to solve the logistical problems in the center. 
  Antonio Mafutabanda, Mozambique National Resistance [Renamo] 
delegate in Tete Province, says that the Sinjale assembly area 
has more than 500 soldiers and was opened on 13 June. On the 
occasion, Unomoz officials pledged to supply to the soldiers 
food and there was none. Unomoz officials in the city of Tete 
told our reporters that a food delivery for the center had been 
planned for 27 June. The Renamo delegate in Tete Province says 
this is contrary to what was agreed upon on 13 June. Meanwhile, 
the blue helmets stationed in Tete to maintain peace, a Renamo 
delegate, and a Renamo adviser to the provincial governor left 
for the Sinjale assembly area this morning to solve the food 
problem the Renamo soldiers face. A Unomoz logistical official 
stated that the Renamo soldiers in Sinjale will receive their 
food ration today. In Tete Province there are two other 
assembly areas for Renamo soldiers, one in Chioco, Changara 
District, and Muchena, Macanga District. 

