BFN 

  [Text] Baghdad, 29 May (INA)--The newspaper AL-THAWRAH has 
said that Saudi King Fahd does not hesitate to commit the most 
odious crimes against the Arab people to make sure that his 
rotten regime remains in power. 
  In its "Standpoint" column, the paper says that Fahd, who is 
a robot controlled by his American masters, is more eager than 
his masters to harm the Arab nation and its national security 
and does not hesitate to commit even the most odious crimes 
against the Arab people. 
  The paper stresses that Fahd cannot stand to see a 
neighboring country, such as Iraq, turning into a radiant 
center, nor can he stand to see unity on his regime's border, 
such as the Yemeni unity. Therefore, he imagines that through 
his illegal money he can oppose the course of history and the 
free will of the Arab people in Iraq and Yemen, and that he can 
harm the Arab centers of strength and radiance. 
  The paper says that it is not surprising that the Saudi 
ruler 
should slander Iraq and Yemen in one address full of hatred for 
every glorious and honorable Arab stand and all aspirations for 
unity. The Arab people know Fahd as a meek ruler and an 
obedient servant of his imperialist and Zionist masters. 
  The paper adds that after this ruler instigated the 
colonialist powers, distributing among them the money of the 
Arab people in Najd and Hejaz [Saudi Arabia], and blocked an 
Arab solution to the so-called Gulf crisis, Fahd placed a land 
that belongs to the Arabs and Muslims at the disposal of the 
aggressive Americans and their allies to launch the 30-state 
aggression against Arab, Muslim Iraq. 

