Language: <F P=105> Mandarin </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] As the new year was arriving, the provincial 
governor and vice governors were keeping an eye all the time on 
progress made in an effort to ensure the supply of subsistence 
to enterprise staff and workers and retired personnel. Having 
heard a briefing by departments concerned on the afternoon of 31 
December 1993, Governor Jia Zhijie and Vice Governor Meng 
Qingping gave instructions in this regard and assigned tasks to 
be done before the Spring Festival. 
  After the provincial government issued an urgent circular on 
ensuring the supply of subsistence to enterprise staff and 
workers and retired personnel, all the local authorities 
throughout the province and all the relevant organs directly 
under the provincial authorities have gone into action, made 
every effort, and adopted every suitable measure to ensure the 
supply of subsistence to the staff and workers of enterprises 
that have already suspended operation or are operating at half 
capacity and to retired personnel. [passage omitted] 
  To review the progress made by local authorities and 
departments concerned in implementing the circulars concerned of 
the State Council and the provincial government and to study the 
work plan for the next stage, the provincial government's 
general office called a meeting on 3 January, present at which 
were comrades in charge of the provincial economic commission, 
financial affairs office, federation of trade unions, financial 
department, labor department, branch of the People's Bank, coal 
industry department, textile corporation, and insurance company. 
As an outcome of the meeting, eight inspection groups headed by 
comrades in charge of departments concerned were set up and sent 
to major prefectures and cities on 4 January to monitor and 
oversee implementation of the work and to solve related problems. 

