Language: <F P=105> Mandarin </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The Eighth Standing Committee Meeting of the Eighth 
Heilongjiang Provincial People's Congress was held in Harbin on 
18 February. The first meeting held on the morning was presided 
over by Sun Weiben, chairman of the provincial people's congress 
standing committee. Vice Chairmen Li Genshen, An Zhendong, Qi 
Guiyuan, Xie Yong, Du Xianzhong, Zhu Dianming, Zhao Jicheng, and 
Liu Hanwu attended the meeting. 
  The participants listened to a report given by the 
Legislative Affairs Commission of the provincial people's 
congress on the revisions of Heilongjiang Province's draft 
regulation concerning the people's police patrol; an explanation 
given by the Education, Science, Culture and Public Health 
Committee of the provincial people's congress on Heilongjiang 
Province's regulation on managing the building of dignified 
units; an explanation given by the Topographic Bureau on 
Heilongjiang Province's draft method for implementing the PRC's 
topographic law; a report given by the Urban Construction 
Committee of the provincial people's congress on the results of 
discussion of Heilongjiang Province's draft method for 
implementing the PRC's topographic law; an explanation given by 
the Qiqihar city people's congress standing committee on the 
revisions of the detailed rules and regulations of Qiqihar city 
on managing relocation work to give room for urban construction; 
and a report given by the Urban Construction Committee of the 
provincial people's congress on the results of examining the 
revisions of the detailed rules and regulations of Qiqihar city 
on the management of relocation work to give room for urban 
construction. The participants of the meeting also listened to 
a report by Qi Guiyuan, vice chairman of the provincial people's 
congress standing committee, on the preparations for the 
convocation of the Second Session of the Eighth Provincial 
People's Congress, and his explanation on the relevant items on 
the draft agenda; an explanation by Liu Hanwu, vice chairman of 
the provincial people's congress standing committee, on the 
report of the Credentials Committee of the Heilongjiang 
Provincial people's congress standing committee on the 
credentials of the by-elected deputies since the first session 
of the eighth provincial people's congress; and an explanation 
by Li Genshen, vice chairman of the provincial people's congress 
standing committee, on the draft namelist of the presidium and 
secretary general of the Second Session of the Eighth Provincial 
People's Congress. 
  Liu Hanwu, vice chairman of the provincial people's congress 
standing committee, and Vice Governor Ma Shujie, respectively, 
explained the appointment of two cadres to the provincial 
people's congress and removal of two members from the provincial 
government. 

