BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt, by Bengt </F>
Therner in Singapore; date not given -- recorded; first 
paragraph is introduction] 
  [Text] Premier Carl Bildt, who is on a week-long round 
trip of East Asia with official visits to Malaysia, Singapore, 
and Vietnam, says after talks with many political leaders of 
these countries that he does not want to rule out armed 
intervention against North Korea. North Korea has obviously 
misled the rest of the world about its nuclear weapon ambitions, 
Premier Bildt says. 
  [Bildt] This is a first-class challenge to one of the 
cornerstones of the international order (?nuclear 
non-proliferation) agreement. Should North Korea manage this, 
to acquire nuclear weapons in spite of all agreements, in spite 
of the UN, then it is clear that it can then [words indistinct]; 
Saddam Husayn did not succeed. If Kim Il-song succeeded, then 
[several words indistinct] and then we can live in a totally 
different world suddenly. 
  [Therner] What do you think Kim Il-song's intention is? 
  [Bildt] It is very difficult to know that. It could be a 
manifestation of the general desperation about the future which 
certainly exists (?there). 
  [Therner] Is there something the international community can 
do if North Korea chooses to continue on this road? 
  [Bildt] The international community must find ways to 
intervene in this and the responsibility here lies with the UN 
Security Council according to agreements. 
  [Therner] Even if China does not use its veto against a 
decision in the Security Council in the end, there are many who 
doubt the effectiveness of sanctions against a country which is 
already so isolated. 
  [Bildt] I do not think there is any reason to exclude any 
issues the Security Council and its members, not least its 
permanent members, should discuss regarding a serious situation 
such as this. 
  [Therner] Does this mean you do not rule out even an armed 
intervention? 
  Premier Carl Bildt, who is on a week-long round trip of East 
Asia with official visits to Malaysia, Singapore, and Vietnam, 
says after talks with many political leaders of these countries 
that he does not want to rule out armed intervention against 
North Korea. North Korea has obviously misled the rest of the 
world about its nuclear weapon ambitions, Premier Bildt says. 
  [Bildt] This is a first-class challenge to one of the 
cornerstones of the international order (?nuclear 
non-proliferation) agreement. Should North Korea manage this, 
to acquire nuclear weapons in spite of all agreements, in spite 
of the UN, then it is clear that it can then [words indistinct]; 
Saddam Husayn did not succeed. If Kim Il-song succeeded, then 
[several words indistinct] and then we can live in a totally 
different world suddenly. 
  [Therner] What do you think Kim Il-song's intention is? 
  [Bildt] It is very difficult to know that. It could be a 
manifestation of the general desperation about the future which 
certainly exists (?there). 
  [Therner] Is there something the international community can 
do if North Korea chooses to continue on this road? 
  [Bildt] The international community must find ways to 
intervene in this and the responsibility here lies with the UN 
Security Council according to agreements. 
  [Therner] Even if China does not use its veto against a 
decision in the Security Council in the end, there are many who 
doubt the effectiveness of sanctions against a country which is 
already so isolated. 
  [Bildt] I do not think there is any reason to exclude any 
issues the Security Council and its members, not least its 
permanent members, should discuss regarding a serious situation 
such as this. 
  [Therner] Does this mean you do not rule out even an armed 
intervention? 
  [Bildt] In a situation like this, I do not think it is for 
me 
to dictate to the members of the Security Council what they are 
not allowed to do; I think it is more important for me to say 
that something must be done. 
Sweden would be isolated politically in Europe if its people 
rejected European Union (EU) membership in a forthcoming 
referendum, Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt said yesterday. 
  Opinion polls indicated that a majority of Swedes were not 
in 
favour of membership and one survey published late last month 
showed that 54 percent would vote "no," he told a news 
conference here. 
  Mr. Bildt, who has described the decision to enter the EU as 
the most important for his country this century, said his 
minority centre-right government would launch a campaign to 
convince Swedes to opt for membership. 
  He expressed confidence about a turnaround in attitudes by 
November when the vote is scheduled. 
  He said it was essential to build political and security 
structures that were stable and durable in Europe. 
  Sweden, Norway, Finland, and Austria are due to join the 
12-member EU by January next year following the successful 
conclusion of negotiations on their terms of membership last 
month. 
  Mr. Bildt said that for Sweden and Northern Europe to be 
outside of such structures would bring "political dangers" in 
the years ahead. 
  It was also necessary, he said, to extend such structures to 
Eastern and Central Europe in the interests of stability. 
  Otherwise, he warned "developments in the East could go in 
different directions and they will, in turn, extend instability 
towards the West five to 10, 15 to 20 years from now." 
  Mr. Bildt, who arrived from Kuala Lumpur for a day's visit, 
leaves for Vietnam today. He will go on to Hong Kong from Hanoi. 

