Language: <F P=105> Serbo-Croatian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Sarajevo, 15 Mar (TANJUG) -- Major General Milan 
Gvero, deputy chief of staff of the Srpska republic army, today 
told SRNA that raving Muslim propaganda was only creating false 
hopes that something could be achieved militarily in the former 
Bosnia-Herzegovina, since the world had at long last understood 
that it had been fed with lies. Commenting on the refusal by the 
UN Security Council last night to declare Maglaj "a protected 
zone" and Butrus-Ghali's explanation that "the Muslims in Bosnia 
abuse the UN-protected zones," Gvero said the international 
community had finally decided to examine the actual situation on 
the ground in Bosnia-Herzegovina realistically. "Experience so 
far has shown that each time the Muslim forces find themselves 
in a militarily hopeless situation some international circles 
get involved and turn the situation to their advantage," Gvero 
said. 
  Describing the UN concept of protected zones as "completely 
wrong," Gvero recalled that, according to international law, a 
protected zone was a demilitarized territory where "soldiers 
protect unarmed people, and not a combat formation which, by 
abusing the UN protection, turns protected zones into combat 
hotbeds where all means are used to threaten the Serb state." 

