Language: <F P=105> German </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by "-ng": "FDP Wants Reduction of Cabinet"] </F>
  [Excerpt] Hildesheim -- On Saturday [26 February] the Free 
Democratic Party of Germany [FDP] came out in favor of reducing 
the cabinet by two ministers. 
  At the "small party congress" of the FDP in Hildesheim the 
majority of the delegates adopted a guiding motion for merging 
the Ministry of Women and Youth and the Ministry of Family and 
the Elderly. In addition, the Ministry of Research and 
Technology and the Ministry of Education are to be merged. 
  Regarding its statement on a coalition following the 
Bundestag election on 16 October, the FDP does not want to let 
itself be pressured by the Christian Democratic Union 
[CDU]/Christian Social Union [CSU]. Its chairman, FRG Foreign 
Minister Klaus Kinkel, stressed in Hildesheim that a 
corresponding statement will be made only after the summer 
recess: "We do not let anything be imposed on us." 
  On Friday CSU Chairman Theo Waigel had called on the FDP to 
commit itself to the CDU/CSU as a coalition partner in Bonn 
before the election of a new president and had announced that, 
if the FDP does not do so, the CDU/CSU would pursue an election 
campaign against the FDP. 
  The FDP chairman harshly criticized the SPD. The SPD has 
"swallowed foreign policy chalk," Kinkel said. He will 
"remind" SPD Chairman Rudolf Scharping "again and again that his 
party is blocking the urgently necessary amendment to the Basic 
Law for blue-helmet missions by the Bundeswehr." The SPD is not 
capable of ruling. The red-green coalition in Lower Saxony has 
proved to be a "discontinuing model." [passage omitted] 

