CSO 

<F P=106> [Interview with State Duma Deputy Gleb Yakunin, Russia's </F>
Choice faction, by Viktoria Rabotnova; place and date not given: 
"Rejection of Class Struggle"] 
  [Text] [Yakunin] For us, democrats, the president's civil 
accord proposal was unexpected. I think there is only one sphere 
of life where such an accord may be attempted. It is an 
agreement for all political forces--first and foremost 
communists, patriots, and Zhirinovskiy followers--to give up the 
class struggle and violent methods. 
  That the president expressed a wish to consolidate society 
is 
wonderful. But realization of this idea requires systematic 
meetings with trade unions, including those in opposition; 
political parties; culture figures; and representatives of 
different religious confessions--not just the patriarch. Without 
a continuous dialogue, it will all end up as a purely 
propagandistic action. 
  I think that the practical result could resemble that in 
Spain, provided we were already in a state of getting out of the 
crisis... 
  [Rabotnova] But in Spain the victors forgave the defeated. 
What about here? 
  [Yakunin] We, the president's supporters, criticize him 
bitterly and tell the truth in that he has not implemented 
deep-reaching reforms, has not pushed through a law on vetting, 
and that for all practical purposes the current winners in our 
country are the army of bureaucrats. They will try to stay in 
power at any price, solidify it. And this is probably the 
greatest danger for democracy today. 

