Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] Two bombs were planted this morning at political 
party offices in downtown Santiago. The first bomb was 
discovered at 0845 at the Christian Democratic Party central 
headquarters on the Alameda [Avenida Bernardo O'Higgins], 
between Lord Cochrane and San Ignacio Streets at the Eduardo 
Frei Montalva building, which is close to the microenterprise 
building of the Development Bank located at 1436 Avenida 
Bernardo O'Higgins. 
  A suspicious package was found behind a magazine stand. 
According to the first reports, the package had six ammonium 
gelignite sticks wrapped in newspaper. The bomb was discovered 
by Carabineros after they had received a report from a woman 
working in the magazine stand. 
  The case was immediately reported to GOPE [Special Police 
Operations Group], whose personnel came to the area to 
deactivate the bomb. 
  Minutes later a bomb explosion was reported at the Socialist 
Party headquarters at 36 Concha y Toro Street in central western 
Santiago. The bomb caused moderate damage, breaking windows and 
destroying part of the building's cornice. [passage omitted] 
  Let us recall that a bomb was planted at the same Socialist 
Party office late last night. Last night, however, the bomb was 
immediately deactivated by building guards and by Carabineros. 
The Socialist Party has thus suffered two attacks in less than 
12 hours. [passage omitted] 

