BFN 

  [Text] Last night, the Democratic Left Movement [MDI] 
inaugurated its first national congress, the central purpose 
being to seek the unity of the country's democratic forces and 
find a path leading to freedom and social justice in Peru. The 
political event started at 1900 in one of the Lima Civic 
Center's spacious auditoriums. 
  The congress was attended by well-known leaders from the 
Peruvian left, some of whom are members of the Democratic 
Constituent Congress (MDI bloc), some of whom work in their 
respective political parties, and others who represent labor or 
independent organizations. It was the first time the congress 
had been attended by MDI delegates and grassroots activists from 
around the country. 
  The MDI appeared in the country's political scene after the 
discrepancies and disagreements within the United Left had 
become increasingly acute. This, in turn, was a consequence of 
the political exhaustion, electoral adversities, party splits, 
and the isolation of the leadership from their grassroots. 
  Last night, Henry Pease, who presided over the MDI First 
National Congress' Organizing Commission, said: "We do not 
believe we are, or say that we are, the saviors of the 
fatherland. But we seek common space to promote programs and 
policies that will benefit all Peruvians, particularly the 
poorest ones." 
  Besides Henry Pease, the congressional executive board was 
made up of the following leaders: Jose Tavara, Oscar Ugarte, 
Carlos Chipoco, Jorge Campos Rey de Castro, Rolando Ames, and 
Manuel Lajo. 

