Language: <F P=105> German </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["ub" commentary: "A Loud Word at the Right Time"] </F>
  [Text] After the storm in a tea cup over Klaus Kinkel's 
language in Brussels, one now has a clear view of what French 
Ambassador Francois Scheer intended with his attack on the 
German foreign minister. He wanted what one expects least of an 
ambassador and what, therefore, was a sensation: to sound the 
alarm as loudly as possible. He has achieved that. The 
question of knowledgeable people whether he had acted upon 
whisperings from the Elysee Palace or the Quai d'Orsay or 
whether he broke all the rules of diplomacy on his own account 
is secondary, no matter how interesting it may be to those 
affected. 
  Obviously, a rules violation was necessary to tear through 
the veil of a cover-up. It is true: Germans and French are 
having a row. Neither Bonn nor Paris are capable of coming to 
grips with the new state of affairs. The political class in 
France is unable to accept that the central location of the 
larger Germany means an increase in power in an expanded 
European Union. How nice it was when the just semisovereign 
neighbor had to cling to Paris' coat-tails. 
  German foreign policy is in danger of underestimating how 
strongly the ghosts of the past are still haunting Europe. It 
must not overlook how difficult it is for neighbors in the west 
and in the south to stomach the relativization of their 
importance. The Germans are the ones who have benefited most 
from the end of the Cold War and now also from Europe's growing 
together. Anyone who is so enormously lucky should keep alive 
all the sensitivity of which he is capable to correctly 
understand the nervousness to the west of the Rhine and 
alleviate it in time. 

