BFN 

<F P=106> [Editorial: "Whaling"] </F>
  [Text] In the run-up to the annual meeting of the 
International Whaling Commission (IWC) in less than a month's 
time the war of nerves has begun again. While the British 
Sunday newspaper, THE OBSERVER, reports that leading countries 
in the IWC -- led by the United States and Great Britain -- have 
ready a draft agreement which means that the way is being paved 
for a reintroduction of whaling quotas, it is reported from 
Washington that there is nothing to indicate that the U.S. 
Government has changed course on the whaling issue. 
  In the United States and several of the EU [European Union] 
countries public opinion has some very strong feelings against 
whaling, and it is probably less than likely that it will prove 
possible in the short term to reach agreement in the IWC on a 
resumption of commercial whaling. It looks, however, as if the 
United States is on its way toward accepting the principle of 
the scientifically based management of whale stocks. Even 
though there will still be some way to go before it is possible 
to achieve agreement on whaling quotas, a change in the U.S. 
stance represents an admission that there is a scientific 
foundation for exploiting whale stocks in some waters. This can 
quite rightly be interpreted as a decisive breakthrough for the 
arguments on which Norway has stood firm since the government 
gave the green light for 300 minke whales to be caught. 
  It is important for the future of the commission that such 
agreement on scientifically based resource management is 
achieved. If the whaling nations and the other countries in the 
IWC remain divided in the views they take on this point, there 
is a great likelihood that the IWC will split. Nations that 
have produced documentary evidence that there is a scientific 
base for whaling could resign from the organization -- and this 
would mean that the IWC would be turned into a purely 
conservationist organization. 

