BFN 

<F P=106> [Telephone interview with Dr. Nabil Sha'th, member of the </F>
Palestinian National Authority, in Cairo, by Sa'id Mu'addi in 
the studio on 5 June; from the the "With the Midday Events" 
feature -- recorded] 
  [Text] [Mu'addi] Dr. Nabil, good afternoon. 
  [Sha'th] Good afternoon, you are welcome. 
  [Mu'addi] Dr. Nabil, do you agree that the 
Israeli-Palestinian agreement will be in danger if the PNA 
[Palestinian National Authority] does not receive the funds 
promised by the donor states? 
  [Sha'th] True, peace is in danger. This is because the issue 
is not one of violation of the agreement. I do not think that 
there is anyone who wants to violate the agreement. What counts 
is the implementation of the agreement, and the implementation 
of the agreement needs invigoratation and speed. These donor 
states, which paid billions of dollars in the past to finance 
wars and to finance the Camp David Accord, should now pay some 
tens of dollars to enable the PNA to begin its work in Gaza and 
Jericho. 
  [Mu'addi] Dr., in your opinion, what is the reason for the 
delay in the financial aid? Has the PLO fulfilled its 
commitments toward these states? 
  [Sha'th] The truth is that the PLO has established two 
institutions, an institution to support the Palestinian police, 
and I chair this institution; and the other institution is to 
receive financial aid for administration and economic 
development, which is chaired by brother Abu-al-Lutf, Faruq 
Qaddumi, and it has an office in Jerusalem and another in Gaza. 
There are Dr. Hasan Abu-Libdah, Dr. Nabil Qassis, and others, 
and there is an integrated technical crew for this 
administration. I do not believe that the issue is due to some 
fundamental or institutional reasons, but to delay in the 
arrival of funds from donor states. 
  [Mu'addi] Dr. Nabil, opposition here in the West Bank and 
Gaza ask: Where are the PLO's funds? 
  [Sha'th] There are no funds in the PLO. The PLO has spent 
almost four years, in fact, four years and two months, receiving 
no aid from anyone. I believe that these four years, in terms 
of expenditures, inside and outside [the occupied territories] 
and millions of dollars which have been paid to the families of 
martyrs, detainees, the wounded, the disabled, and the 
Palestinian institutions inside and outside, have exhausted all 
the PLO's funds. 
  [Mu'addi] In a television interview, Yasir 'Arafat said that 
he will not go to Jericho because donor countries have not yet 
sent funds. Is this a warning, or an attempt to pressure these 
states? 
  [Sha'th] Brother President Yasir 'Arafat's complaint is 
justified and reasonable. We have not yet become a full-fledged 
independent state that has all rights and duties so that we can 
immediately do what other independent states do, in terms of 
sovereign actions, to print banknotes in its central bank or to 
get loans from its commercial banks. We do not have these 
powers yet. Therefore, in order to begin the implementation of 
an international agreement that all these states have signed, 
these states must fulfill their commitments, including Israel 
which should pay its dues to employees at the pension fund and 
other dues. Before we can begin levying new taxes, there are 
dues with the Israeli authorities, and other dues agreed with 
the donor states of which we have not yet obtained anything. 
So, President 'Arafat's complaint is justified and legal. 
  [Mu'addi] Dr. Nabil, are new PNA members going to arrive in 
the self-rule areas in Gaza and Jericho? 
  [Sha'th] Yes. This is in addition to the PNA members who are 
already there such as brothers Zakariya al-Agha, Frayh 
Abu-Middayn, Riyad al-Za'nun, Sa'ib 'Urayqat, Faysal al-Husayni, 
Ilyas Frayj, and 'Abd-al-'Aziz Hajj Ahmad, who are already 
inside. God willing, we will all join them. 
  [Mu'addi] When will Dr. Nabil Sha'th, Ahmad Quray', 
Abu-'Ala', and Muhammad Zuhdi al-Nashashibi arrive in the 
self-rule areas? 
  [Sha'th] During this week, God willing. 
  [Mu'addi] Dr., one final question, concerning the group 
which 
arrived, maybe in Cairo, and left for Gaza, who does this group 
include? 
  [Sha'th] It includes some personnel who were stationed in 
Tunis. They are all from among the approved names which 
constitute the remaining part of the Palestinian police. 
  [Mu'addi] Dr. Nabil Sha'th, PNA member, thank you very much. 
  [Sha'th] Thank you. 

