Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By Riyad Mansur] </F>
  [Excerpts] A Fatah military official has strongly rejected 
proposals presented by the Palestinian leadership to Israel in 
Davos on joint Palestinian-Israeli patrols on the borders with 
Jordan and Egypt. He described these proposals as a way to 
beautify the Oslo accord, noting that this means giving 
sovereignty to Israel. 
  In response to a question by SAWT AL-SHA'B, Staff Major 
General Muhammad Jihad, who is also a member of the Fatah 
Central Committee, called on all Fatah military cadres to reject 
these proposals and warned against the consequences of 
attempting to coordinate with the Israeli Army on these patrols. 
[passage omitted] 
  Asked about instructions from the Palestinian leadership to 
Fatah cadres inside the occupied Arab territories to surrender 
their weapons to the Israeli Army and stop military operations, 
Jihad said: I asked President Yasir 'Arafat about this and he 
categorically denied issuing such instructions. Jihad 
reaffirmed that the Fatah Central Committee did not issue any 
such instructions. 
  Maj. Gen. Jihad said that the instructions issued to members 
of the Fatah Movement inside the occupied territories are the 
same instructions issued before the signing of the Oslo 
agreement. He noted that these instructions stipulate that we 
continue our tasks, especially regarding our struggle against 
the Israeli occupation. He said: The intifadah activities and 
military operations inside the occupied territories are evidence 
that the Oslo accord did not change anything. 

