BFN 

  [Text] The participants in the discussions at the Prime 
Minister's Office held in the wake of the Cairo talks this 
morning were advised that this week's negotiations achieved no 
progress. The talks will resume on 10 April and continue until 
12 April, the eve of the commemoration day for fallen IDF 
[Israel Defense Forces] soldiers. 
  Our political correspondent Shlomo Raz reports that Israel 
categorically rejects the Palestinian demand to reopen the 
negotiations on the map of Gaza Strip roads and zones on which 
the two sides have already agreed. 
  Other disputed issues are the size of the Palestinian police 
and the authority that will have jurisdiction over Israelis who 
commit offenses in the Gaza and Jericho precincts. In fact, the 
legal committee was unable to start discussions because the 
Palestinian representatives to this committee failed to show up 
at the meeting. Our correspondent adds that it has been agreed 
that in view of the situation, there is no point in sending the 
delegation back to Cairo today. 
  Our correspondent adds that in the Paris talks, progress was 
achieved in the negotiations on the Gaza port. It was agreed 
that the procedures governing the other international border 
crossings will be applied in the port. 
  Nabil Sha'th, the chief Palestinian delegate to the Cairo 
talks, says the Israeli proposals on the Gaza and Jericho 
autonomy jurisdiction are totally unacceptable. In his opinion, 
the Israeli proposals stand in complete contravention of the 
Oslo Declaration of Principles. Nabil Sha'th refused to specify 
the substance of the Israeli proposals. 

