BFN 

<F P=106> [Report on interview with Eric Derijcke, Belgian state </F>
secretary for development cooperation, by unidentified 
correspondent; place and date not given: "Derycke: `To Pull Out 
Now Is Cowardice'"] 
  [Excerpt] [passage omitted] "We must totally review our 
relations with Rwanda. In fact, we were already doing so but we 
must start again from scratch. And that means bypassing the 
local government. A new government must first prove itself not 
only to Belgium but to all donors, as well as the World Bank and 
the IMF. We must concern ourselves exclusively with the basics: 
building primary schools rather than universities for the 
Tutsis, funds to support farming and basic health care. 
  ``I know people say that all the money we give to Central 
Africa is money wasted. But to withdraw from the region now 
would be cowardice. There are already few enough countries with 
an interest in Central Africa and I am afraid that some of them 
will now pull out." 
  ``There is a danger of the feeling that everything is just a 
waste of time gaining increasing ground among public opinion. 
We must clearly explain why this view is wrong, and that we 
must not give up our development aid on ethnic and political 
grounds, but rather review it. I hope that people give us the 
time to do so. Also, the people who designed the Arusha accord 
should know that they made a serious blunder. And by constantly 
playing for time, [former President] Habyarimana is himself 
responsible for the troubles.'' 

