CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by the Sverdlovsk Oblast Statistical </F>
Administration: "The Start of the `Great Depression'? On the 
Socio-Economic Development of Sverdlovsk Oblast in the First 
Quarter of 1994"] 
  [Text] In the first quarter of the current year, 
oblast industrial enterprises produced products (work, services) 
in the amount of 2754.0 billion rubles (R) in effective prices, 
including R1097.2 billion in March. This exceeds by 4.8 and 4.5 
times, respectively, the level for the corresponding periods of 
last year. In comparable prices, the volumes of production have 
declined by 26.5 percent as compared with the level of the first 
quarter of 1993, and for March--by 28.4 percent. This is 
evidence of the decline in output of basic types of products by 
enterprises in all sectors of industry. The scope of reduction 
in product output differs significantly by sectors and types of 
production. 
<H8>  Industry </H8>
  Due to the reduced demand, production in ferrous metallurgy 
in the first quarter declined as compared to the level of the 
corresponding period last year. For finished rolled stock this 
decline comprised 11.2 percent, for low-alloy steel rolled stock 
it was 55.6 percent, for bent sections--by 60.8 percent, for 
cold-rolled sheet stock--by 79.5 percent, and for steel--by 13.9 
percent. At the same time, the smelting of cast iron increased 
by 8,900 tonnes (0.7 percent). Its growth was noted at only one 
enterprise--the Nizhnetagilsk Metallurgical Combine (by 31,200 
tonnes). 
  The changes in market conditions on the domestic and world 
markets and the high, world-level, prices on aluminum sharply 
limited the demand, as a result of which the volume of aluminum 
production declined by 15.8 percent. 
  In machine building, due to the decrease in solvent demand 
of 
consumers, there was a significant reduction in the output of 
many types of goods. Thus, the production of oil drilling 
equipment declined by 34.2 percent, of chemical equipment--by 
57.3 percent, metallurgical equipment--by 55.7 percent, and 
equipment for light industry--by 81.2 percent. 
  Due to the shortage of the necessary raw goods and materials 
(domestic as well as those coming from abroad), the volume of 
production in the enterprises of the chemical and petrochemical 
industry was reduced by 20.1 percent. This included a decline in 
production of sulphuric acid by 28,400 tonnes (or 16.1 percent), 
of synthetic resins and plastics--by 5,900 tonnes (40.7 
percent), of polyvinylchloride plastics--by 587 tonnes (24.2 
percent), and of automobile tires and motorcycle covers--by 26 
percent. 
  The enterprises of the lumber, wood processing and 
cellulose-paper industry continue to reduce production of basic 
types of products. In the lumber industry, the output of 
commercial lumber declined by more than one-third as compared 
with the level for the corresponding period last year. This has 
led to a reduction in production of many types of products in 
the sector: Lumber (by 197,000 cubic meters, or 32 percent), 
plywood (by 3,932 cubic meters, or 20.3 percent), fiberboard (by 
1.5 times), and prefabricated wood houses (by 7.6 times). In the 
cellulose-paper industry, as a result of difficulties with the 
sale of products which have increased many times over in price, 
the output of paper has declined by 3,625 tonnes (55.7 percent). 
At the same time, the output of writing and notebook paper has 
declined by 2.7 times, and of cardboard--by 6.4 times. 
  In the building materials industry, the rate of decline in 
product production as compared with the level of the 
corresponding period for last year comprised: For cement--33.7 
percent, asbestos--0.6-48.4 percent, masonry materials--20.3 
percent, and pane glass--40.6 percent. This was the result of a 
decline in the volumes of construction. 
  The overall decline in industrial production, the decline in 
demand and the reduction in provision of electrical power to 
consumers as a result of their many months of indebtedness to 
power producers, as well as interruptions in fuel deliveries, 
and specifically Ekibaztuz coal, all had an impact on the state 
of affairs in electrical power production. In the first quarter 
of this year, electrical power generation declined by 17.2 
percent as compared with the corresponding period for last year. 
<H8>  Volume of consumer goods production </H8>
  For the first quarter of the current year, the volume of 
consumer goods production comprised R464.7 billion, which is 
20.8 percent below the level for the corresponding period last 
year. This includes the output of R182.0 billion in food 
products. 
  In the first quarter, the production of 3 out of 12 basic 
types of food products increased as compared with the level for 
the corresponding period last year. These were: Meat and 
category 1 by-products (increase of 7.2 percent), sausage goods 
(25.9 percent), and mayonnaise (13.6 percent). However, there 
were 20.3 percent less whole-milk products produced, 13.4 
percent less butter, 22.3 percent less margarine, 17.8 percent 
less bread and bakery goods, 6.4 percent less confectionery 
goods, 25.1 percent less fish products, 3.7 percent less flour 
and 27.9 percent less cereals. 
  The volume of production of wine and vodka products for the 
reporting period declined by more than half as compared with the 
level for the corresponding period last year. Out of 9 titles of 
non-food items which are in everyday demand, and on which 
observation is conducted, the output of 8 titles declined in the 
first quarter. The most significant decline was seen in 
production of all types of fabrics (by 76.7 percent), leather 
shoes (by 60.6 percent), and woven footwear (by 70.3). The 
output of children's goods, being the least profitable, 
continues to decline at a faster rate than other light industry 
goods. Thus, the production of children's shoes declined by 73.4 
percent as compared with the corresponding level for last year, 
and of tricot goods--by 36.2 percent. 
  For a number of household appliance goods (washing machines, 
electric teapots, radio receivers), the output declined by 70-75 
percent as compared with the level for the first quarter of last 
year. 
  The production of steel enamel-coated cookware and needles 
for household sewing machines decreased significantly (by 90 
percent), as did the production of porcelain-china dishware (by 
44.0 percent). 
<H8>  Capital construction </H8>
  In the first quarter of the current year, enterprises held 
under all forms of ownership in the oblast assimilated R349.4 
billion in capital investments, which is 7.6 times higher than 
the level for the corresponding period last year. At the same 
time, prices on construction products increased by 9.5 times. Of 
the overall volume, the greatest relative share of capital 
investments falls to state enterprises and organizations--R207.9 
billion (59 percent of the volume of capital investments). 
R214.8 billion (61 percent) were used for construction of 
facilities to be used for production. 
  Centralized capital investments in the oblast's national 
economy for the first quarter comprised R67.5 billion (72 
percent of the level for the corresponding period last year). Of 
those, local budget funds comprised R50.6 billion (77 percent), 
federal budget funds--R16.9 billion (59 percent), funds of 
enterprises and organizations themselves--R247.9 billion (83 
percent), preferential investment credits--R1.3 billion (96 
percent), and state extra-budgetary investment funds--R32.7 
billion (73 percent). 
  In the non-production sphere, R134.7 billion were 
assimilated 
(39 percent of the volume of capital investments, as compared 
with 43 percent in the first quarter of last year). Of those, 
housing construction comprised R99.3 billion (74 percent of the 
volume of capital investments in facilities of non-production 
function), public health facilities--R5.7 billion (4 percent), 
children's preschool institutions--R1.1 billion (0.8 percent), 
general education schools--R3.7 billion (3 percent), municipal 
services facilities--R16.4 billion (12 percent), and other 
facilities--R8.4 billion (6 percent). 
  For the reporting period, enterprises held under all forms 
of 
ownership placed into operation 2,274 apartments with total area 
of 138,500 square meters (76 percent of the level for the first 
quarter of last year). Among these were 34 apartments in rural 
areas with total area of 4,300 square meters (144 percent). 
State enterprises channeled R45.5 billion in capital investments 
into housing construction (46 percent of the volume of capital 
investments), and placed into operation 52,300 square meters of 
housing (38 percent of the overall operational introduction). 
Municipal enterprises respectively introduced R24.9 billion (25 
percent) and 47,800 square meters (35 percent); mixed 
enterprises--R24.0 billion (24 percent) and 21,900 square meters 
(16 percent), and private enterprises--R5.0 billion (5 percent) 
and 16,500 square meters (11 percent). Through its own funds, 
the public built 59 houses and 60 apartments with overall area 
of 6,431 square meters (100.7 percent). This included 5 houses 
with overall area of 426 square meters (89 percent) placed into 
operation in rural areas. 
<H8>  Transport and communications. </H8>
  The volume of cargo shipped by general use transport 
declined 
by 22.4 million tonnes (37 percent) as compared with the first 
quarter of 1993. Moreover, cargo shipments by railroad transport 
declined by 29 percent and by automobile transport--52 percent, 
while air cargo shipments increased by 5.9 times. The lower 
tariff on cargo shipments by railroad transport led to an 
increase in the relative share of cargo shipped by rail, from 62 
percent in the first quarter of 1993 to 70 percent in the 
reporting year. The sharp increase in the volume of cargo 
shipped by air transport, despite the higher tariffs as compared 
with other types of transport, was caused by the increasing 
entrepreneurial activity. 
  Passenger turnover on general use transport increased by 8 
percent as compared with the first quarter of 1993. Part of the 
population changed over to the relatively cheaper railroad 
transport, where passenger turnover increased by 13 percent. The 
passenger turnover of automobile transport declined by 9 
percent, and of air transport--by 2 percent. Buses along 
suburban and inter-city routes made 7 percent fewer runs, and 4 
percent fewer in cities, as compared with the first quarter of 
last year. 
  By 1 April, 15 general use motor transport enterprises had 
been privatized (24 percent of their overall number). They 
transported 70 percent of the entire volume of cargo and 6 
percent of the passengers. The decline in volume of cargo 
shipments by privatized enterprises comprised 48 percent, and by 
state enterprises--60 percent. 
  For the first quarter of the current year, communications 
enterprises provided R37.2 billion worth of communications 
services, including R10.3 billion worth to the public. In actual 
prices this is 14 times more than in the first quarter of last 
year. 
<H8>  Agriculture </H8>
  PREPARATION FOR SPRING PLANTING. The oblast's 
agricultural enterprises are performing preparatory work for the 
Spring planting. As of 1 April 1994, the oblast's farms were 
generally well provided with seeds of grain and leguminous 
crops. However, potato seeds are not available in full volume, 
since in the Fall of last year the farms in many rayons stored 
poor quality seeds. By the start of April of the current year, 
the relative share of substandard seeds of Spring grain crops 
remains high, and comprised 11 percent. The amount of first 
class sowing-standard seeds on hand comprises 9 percent, and 
second class--34 percent. 
  In March, the rate of preparation of farm equipment for 
sowing had increased somewhat. However, the amount of equipment 
which is in a state of disrepair exceeds the level for 1 April 
of last year, and comprises 27 percent of the available tractors 
(8 percent greater than for the corresponding date last year), 
24 percent of trucks (5 percent greater), 30 percent of tractor 
sowers (11 percent greater), and 35 percent of the 
tractor-pulled plows (8 percent greater). A considerable portion 
of such equipment in Achitskiy, Verkhoturskiy, Garinskiy, 
Tavdinskiy and Tugulymskiy Rayons has not been repaired. 
  The question of providing the farms with basic types of 
petroleum products remains acute. The availability of diesel 
fuel in the agricultural enterprises as of 1 April 1994 
comprised 4,700 tonnes (34 percent of the level of last year), 
and gasoline--3,800 tonnes (47 percent). Moreover, in Artinskiy, 
Baykalovskiy, Verkhoturskiy, Garinskiy, Irbitskiy, 
Kamyshlovskiy, N.-Lyapinskiy, Severskiy, Taborinskiy, Talitskiy 
and Shalinskiy Rayons the reserves of diesel fuel and gasoline 
comprise less than half of the reserves available on the same 
date last year. We might add that the reserves of diesel fuel 
cover only 8 percent of the needs of farms in performing the 
sowing, and of gasoline--only 14 percent. 
  LIVESTOCK RAISING. The decline in herd size of 
livestock and poultry continued in the first quarter of the 
current year. As of 1 April 1994, the number of cattle comprised 
489,700 head (89 percent of the level for the corresponding 
period in 1993), including cows--191,500 (91 percent), 
pigs--311,200 (85 percent), and poultry--13,622,000 head (95 
percent). Also, there were 6 percent fewer calves born, and 20 
percent fewer piglets. Losses from epizootic disease and deaths 
surpassed last year's level by 70 and 45 percent, respectively. 
  For the reporting period, agricultural enterprises sold 
34,600 tonnes of livestock and poultry to slaughter, and 
obtained 113,200 tonnes of milk and 327.9 million chicken eggs. 
For the reporting period of the current year, 32,700 tonnes of 
livestock and poultry went to state resources (105 percent of 
the level for the corresponding period of 1993) at an average 
purchase price of R934,000 per tonne; 88,800 tonnes of milk (82 
percent) at R170,000 per tonne, and 244.9 million eggs (86 
percent) at R68,000 per thousand. Eighty-eight tonnes of 
livestock and poultry and 297 tonnes of milk were purchased from 
individual farmers. 
  On 1 April of this year there were 3,100 peasant (individual 
farmer) farms registered, which were given 92,600 hectares of 
land, or an average of 29.5 hectares for each farmer. In the 
last two years, 616 individual farmers ceased their activity for 
various reasons. 
  In the first quarter of the current year, land continued to 
be parcelled out to citizens. 2,400 families received 271 
hectares of land for the purpose of developing collective 
orchardry, and 6 hectares were parcelled out to 375 families for 
collective gardens. 
<H8>  Prices and tariffs </H8>
  In the first quarter of 1994, the rate of inflation was 
significantly lower than in the fourth quarter of last year. The 
consumer price index on goods and services in March comprised 
133.7 percent of the level for December of 1993. If we do not 
count the non-essential goods and services, this figure is 136 
percent (in the fourth quarter of 1993 these figures were 165.4 
and 163.4 percent, respectively). The rates of inflation on the 
full range of goods and services in January and February 
comprised 11.6 percent and in March--7.4 percent. Discounting 
non-essential goods and services, in January this figure was 
11.5 percent, in February--12.2 percent, and in March--8.7 
percent. 
  As they did last year, the prices and tariffs on paid 
services provided to the population increased in greater amount, 
exhibiting a growth of 2.8 times. The growth of prices on food 
products for the quarter comprised 27.4 percent, and on non-food 
products--21.2 percent. Of the food products, the greatest price 
increases since the beginning of the year have been on milk and 
dairy products, fish, cheeses, vegetables, canned vegetables, 
potatoes and salt (by 1.5-1.7 times). Of the non-food products, 
the greatest price increases were on printed publications (by 2 
times) and medicines (by 1.6 times). 
  The minimum standard food ration in March was estimated at 
R49,800 rubles, and as compared with December of 1993 its amount 
increased by R16,400 rubles, or by 1.5 times. 
  The greatest increase in rates on paid services provided to 
the population took place for municipal services: Rents in 
houses of the municipal housing fund increased by 47 times on 
the average throughout the oblast, fees for hot water supply--by 
13 times, for cold water and sewage--by 11 times, and for 
heating--by 9 times. Rates for payment of housing and municipal 
services in various cities (rayons) of the oblast added up to 
the following amounts: Rent--R11-R120 for a square meter of 
general housing area; heating--R35-R200 rubles per meter; hot 
water supply--R100-R870; cold water and sewage--R68-R742 per 
person per month. 
  In the first quarter of 1994, the rates of growth in 
consumer 
prices and wholesale prices on products of industrial 
enterprises came closer together. In March, wholesale prices 
increased by 40.3 percent as compared with the level for 
December of 1993 (in the fourth quarter of 1993 by 52.8 
percent). As compared with the level of the fourth quarter of 
last year, the rate of growth in wholesale prices declined on 
products of all sectors of industry except non-ferrous 
metallurgy and the liquor-vodka industry, in which the repeal of 
regulated commercial prices on vodka led to a sharp jump in 
wholesale prices. The rates of growth in prices were influenced 
by the shortage of monetary resources held by consumers of 
industrial products, which was caused by the tightening of the 
credit-finance policy as well as by the growth of mutual 
indebtedness of consumers and suppliers. 
<H8>  Finances </H8>
  In the first quarter of this year, the consolidated budget 
of 
Sverdlovsk Oblast received revenues of R361.7 billion, which is 
4.4 times greater than the level for the corresponding period 
for last year. Due to the unsatisfactory financial state of 
enterprises and organizations, the debt on payments to the 
oblast and local budgets continues to grow. On 1 April of the 
current year its amount reached R149.2 billion. 
  Budget expenditures increased by 5 times and comprised 
R364.0 
billion. R99.4 billion was directed to financing the national 
economy, R100.7 billion to public education, R95.3 billion to 
public health and physical culture, R9.5 billion to culture and 
art, R0.3 billion to science, and R14.2 billion in compensation 
payments for children. 
  The consolidated oblast budget showed a deficit of R2.3 
billion. 
  For January-February, the sum of profits obtained by oblast 
enterprises and organizations comprised R440.9 billion. At the 
same time, 545 out of 2,000 enterprises studied suffered losses 
in the sum of R28.8 billion. Of these, R5.1 billion was in 
industry, R18.5 billion in transport, around R1.8 billion in 
trade and public catering, and R0.6 billion in housing and 
municipal services. 
  The credit indebtedness of industrial, construction, 
transport and agricultural enterprises and organizations on 1 
March comprised R2063.2 billion, including R761.6 billion in 
overdue debts, or 36.9 percent. Of this, the largest part was 
comprised of indebtedness to suppliers--R555.3 billion, or 73 
percent. 
  On 1 March the overdue indebtedness comprised R1970.4 
billion, including R752.3 billion, or 88.5 percent, being the 
overdue consumer indebtedness. 
<H8>  Commodity turnover </H8>
  In the first quarter of the current year, the volume of 
retail goods turnover was formulated in the sum of R741 billion, 
which in actual prices is 6.8 times greater than the 
corresponding period for last year, and in comparable prices--by 
17.6 percent. Trade services to the oblast population are 
provided by 8,334 retail trade enterprises and 3,712 public 
catering enterprises. R690 billion worth of consumer goods were 
sold to the population, and R51 billion worth of products in 
public catering. The relative share of food products in the 
volume of goods turnover increased from 53 percent to 57 percent 
in the reporting year, while that of non-food products declined 
from 47 to 43 percent. 
  With the formation of an oblast consumer's market, trade on 
the kolkhoz markets is beginning to win stronger positions. 
Thus, after the systematic decline in sales volumes over the 
last few years, the sale of most agricultural products in the 
first quarter of this year increased as compared with the level 
for the corresponding period last year: The sale of potatoes 
doubled, of vegetables--increased by 2.5 times, and of meat--by 
1.3 times. Over R5 billion were earned from the sale of 
agricultural products at kolkhoz markets. 
  The oblast population acquired R320.8 billion worth of 
non-food items through the retail trade network. The reduction 
in volume of sale testifies to the re-distribution of monetary 
expenditures of the population in favor of the purchase of food 
products. Despite this, the public demand for goods in light 
industry, cultural-domestic and household durables remains high. 
  The volume of sale of clothing and underwear increased by 
1.3 
times in comparable prices as compared with the level for 
January of 1993, of stocking-hoisery goods--by 1.4 times, of 
tricot goods and shoes--by 2 times, of cotton fabrics--by 2.6 
times, and of silk fabrics--by 4.1 times. There were 22,600 
radio receivers sold (98.3 percent), 22,300 televisions (146.7 
percent), and 9,900 refrigerators (180 percent). 
  FOREIGN TRADE TURNOVER in Sverdlovsk oblast for 
the first quarter of 1994 comprised $189.5 million, and 
increased by 2.5 times as compared with the corresponding period 
last year. 
  The export of products equalled $168.8 million, and 
increased 
by more than 3 times. These figures included: Export to the 
industrially developed countries--$59.0 million (increased by 
1.8 times), to the developing countries--$19.8 million (by 3 
times), and to other countries (former CEMA countries, China, 
KPDR [Korean People's Democratic Republic], the republics of the 
former Yugoslavia, and the Baltic countries)--$90.0 million (by 
8.6 times). 
  Within the volume of export, the relative share of raw goods 
and materials comprises 96.9 percent, including ferrous 
metals--76.5 percent, non-ferrous metals--18.2 percent, and 
machinery and equipment--1.3 percent. The relative share of 
consumer goods within the overall volume of export comprises 1.8 
percent. There were 599,000 tonnes of ferrous metals and 
products from them exported (export deliveries of copper and 
ferroalloys increased by 1.2 times, while aluminum deliveries 
declined by 3.5 times); 444 tonnes of lumber (deliveries 
declined by 6.5 times), and $2.2 million worth of machinery and 
equipment (deliveries increased by 6.3 times). 
  The increase in rates and the introduction of new import 
tariffs had the effect of reducing the volume of import by 1.2 
times as compared with last year's level. The import of consumer 
goods decreased--individual types of food products, textile and 
tricot clothing and footwear. 
  Import comprised $20.7 million, including $16.1 million from 
the industrially developed countries (an increase of 38 
percent), $0.8 million from the developing countries (a decline 
of 72 percent), and $3.8 million from other countries. 
  The foreign trade balance was positive in the amount of 
$148.1 million (in the first quarter of 1993 there was a 
positive trade balance in the amount of $27.1 million). 
  MONETARY INCOME OF THE POPULATION in the first 
quarter comprised R1184 billion, which is 5.7 times higher than 
the level for the first quarter of last year. Taking into 
consideration the correction of income for the consumer price 
index, it declined by 15.5 percent for the reporting period. 
  Labor wages comprise 58.4 percent of the income, social 
payments comprise 14.6 percent, and other payments account for 
27 percent. At the same time, the average monthly labor wage 
comprised R148,400, including R171,300 in March, which is 19.2 
percent higher than the level for February and 28.2 percent 
higher than the December 1993 level. 
  EXPENDITURES BY THE POPULATION for the purchase of 
goods and payment of services in the first quarter of the 
current year comprised R815 billion, which is 6 times greater 
than in the first quarter of 1993. Expenditures for payment of 
taxes and fees were R113 billion (5.3 times greater), and for 
the growth of savings in investments and securities--R87 billion 
(10.9 times greater). 
  The growth of expenditures by the population somewhat 
exceeded the increase in nominal monetary income in the first 
quarter of the current year as compared with the corresponding 
period last year. The volume of money on hand increased by R125 
billion and on 1 April of this year comprised R169 billion. 
Expenditures of the population in March were 21.9 percent higher 
than in December of 1993. Moreover, consumer expenditures 
increased by 24.9 percent, while expenditures for payment of 
services increased by 72.4 percent. 
  The DIFFERENTIATION OF THE POPULATION BY LEVEL OF 
AVERAGE PER CAPITA MONETARY INCOME continues to increase in 
the current year. In March of the current year, the income of 
the most well-to-do 10 percent of the population exceeded by 9.5 
times the income of the same portion of persons who were least 
well off. Here we should note that the PROPERTY 
DIFFERENTIATION OF THE POPULATION is not yet as significant 
as the differentiation by level of income. This is confirmed by 
the data of household surveys. 
<H8>  Employment of the population </H8>
  The number of workers engaged in the oblast's national 
economy comprises 1,737,900 persons (not counting those working 
in small enterprises). As compared with the first quarter of 
last year, the number of employed persons has declined by 5.0 
percent. 
  The number of citizens contacting the employment service on 
questions of job placement comprised 41,500 persons at the end 
of the first quarter. Of those, 16,400 persons, or 51.7 percent, 
were women. 
  As of 1 April 1994, there were 39,800 persons registered as 
being unemployed. Of those, 33,600 persons received the official 
status of being unemployed, with payment of unemployment 
benefits. According to the employment service data, the demand 
for workers reported by enterprises comprised 7,732 persons on 1 
April 1994. Without taking into consideration the structure, 
there are 5 unemployed persons competing for each vacant 
position in the employment service. 
  During the first quarter, 2,331 persons participated in 
strikes due to delays in payment of wages. The largest of the 
three registered strikes was the one-day work stoppage by 
workers at the PO [production association] "Vakhrushevugol," in 
which 2,047 persons participated. The total losses of work time 
comprised 3,098 man-days, and products in the sum of R257.9 
million were not produced. 
<H8>  Demographic situation </H8>
  The population numbers in Sverdlovsk Oblast on 1 January 
1994 
comprised 4,666,700 persons, including 4,067,900 urban 
residents, and 598,800 rural residents. 
  The birth rate in the first quarter of the current year 
remained at last year's level, and comprised 8.7 births per 
1,000 members of the population. This testifies to a certain 
stabilization of the birth rate. 
  At the same time, the continuing growth in the mortality 
rate 
of the population evokes concern. The number of deaths in the 
first quarter of the current year increased by 4,400, and the 
mortality rate increased from 14.8 to 18.7 per 1,000 residents. 
One third of those who died were persons of working age. A 
1.3-time increase in the mortality rate due to illnesses of the 
respiratory organs has been noted, as well as a 1.2-time 
increase in mortality due to infectious and parasitic diseases. 
  The unfavorable changes in the mortality rate have led to an 
increase in the natural decline of the population by 1.6 times. 
It comprised 11,500 persons. 
  There has been a significant change in the character of the 
migration processes. While in the first quarter of last year we 
observed a departure of the population from rural areas, at the 
present time we are noting a migrational increase. Since the 
beginning of the year, 436 refugee families have come to our 
oblast, numbering 859 persons, as well as 377 families who were 
forced to resettle, numbering 825 persons (children comprise 31 
percent, persons of able-bodied age--62 percent). Most of these 
people came from Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and 
Tajikistan. They settled primarily in the large cities of the 
oblast. Only 10 percent of the newcomers settled in rural areas. 
<H8>  Privatization </H8>
  As of 1 April 1994, there were 3,089 enterprises privatized 
in the oblast, including 261 in the first quarter of the 
reporting year. Of the overall number of privatized enterprises, 
74.9 percent were bought outright, and 9.1 percent of those--in 
the reporting period. 
  During the reporting period, 3,358,700 shares of stock were 
put up for sale by 81 joint-stock companies, for a sum of 
R3499.6 million. Of those, it is presumed that shares in the sum 
of R1659.1 million will be sold through closed bidding. 56.5 
percent of the shares have been handed over to the property fund 
for free sale. 2,200 shares of stock were sold at auction for a 
sum of R2.2 million, and the rest are in the management of the 
privatization agencies. 
  The revenue received from privatization of enterprises 
(facilities), including joint-stock companies, was R4237.5 
million. 90.6 percent of the revenues were received from 
enterprise-buyers, and 9.4 percent from the personal funds of 
citizens. There were 171,100 privatization vouchers received. 
The privatization of enterprises held in municipal ownership 
yielded R2427.3 million (57.3 percent), in oblast 
ownership--R113.7 million (2.7 percent), and in federal 
ownership--R1696.5 million (40 percent). 
  During the first quarter, there were 30,247 apartments 
handed 
over to individual ownership of citizens, which comprises 2.5 
percent of the number of apartments subject to privatization. 
The overall area of the privatized apartments comprised 
1,379,000 square meters, and their overall cost comprised R13663 
million. Altogether since the beginning of privatization, 
394,973 apartments (33 percent) have been handed over and sold 
to citizens for private ownership. 

