Article   Type:BFN 

  [Editorial Report] Beijing XINHUA Domestic Service in 
Chinese at 2131 GMT on 14 January carries a 2,853-character 
"newsletter" by XINHUA reporters Hui Jinyi (1920 6855 5030) and 
Chen Shuiquan (7115 3055 3123): "Dazhai on the Way To the 
Market." The newsletter details efforts by the people of Dazhai 
Village -- a production brigade in Xiyang County, Shanxi 
Province touted as a pacesetter in agriculture during the 
prereform years -- to develop a market economy under the village 
party branch secretary Guo Fenglian. 
  The newsletter begins with the reporters' observations 
during 
their trip to the village on an unspecified date in the winter. 
Noting that "the vast expanse of snow did not quiet the seething 
Dazhai," the newsletter says: "In Dazhai today, activity is 
seething everywhere. The people of Dazhai are taking gigantic 
steps forward in developing a commodity economy by integrating 
the new concepts of reform and opening up with the pioneering 
spirit of self-reliance and hard work." The newsletter 
continues to describe Guo Fenglian's observations regarding the 
gap between Dazhai and other parts of the country when she 
returned to the village in November 1991 after an 11-year 
absence. Recalling how Vice Premier Tian Jiyun provided the 
answer to closing the gap during his inspection tour of Dazhai 
on an unspecified date, the newsletter states: "He urged the 
people of Dazhai to emancipate their minds, renew their 
concepts, broaden avenues, and work in concert to achieve a 
comfortable living standard." It goes on to describe how the 
villagers introduced new crop strains to diversify their grain- 
based agriculture, and how they set up joint ventures with 
factories in other parts of the province, trained skilled 
personnel, brought in foreign capital, and developed tourism. 
The newsletter concludes by commending the spirit of hard work 
displayed by the people of Dazhai, saying: "In learning to 
develop a market economy, the people of Dazhai have not 
neglected the Dazhai spirit of hard work." 

