Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] As has already been reported, the new Kazakh 
Parliament will consist of 177 deputies -- 135 deputies will be 
elected [word indistinct] at the constituencies, and 42 will 
become deputies from the state list nominated by the president 
of the republic and to be elected by constituencies formed 
within the borders of relevant oblasts and cities with 
republican subordination status. 
  Yesterday, Nazarbayev met those whom he had decided to 
nominate. Addressing those invited, the president said that the 
list was formed with special care and thoughtfulness. The 
criteria of selection was very strict because a new parliament 
-- to be formed this spring -- should be professional. All 
deputies of the new convocation of the Supreme Kenges will have 
to leave their previous jobs and concentrate on law-making 
activities. Nazarbayev stressed: I think that all those present 
today are the president's first ever team capable of fulfilling 
their authority, but the final choice will be made by the 
electorate. The head of state promised that he would fully 
support his candidates and wished them success in their not so 
easy work. 
  Also attending the meeting were the vice president and 
[words 
indistinct]. 

