BFN 

  [Text] Rabat, June 22 (MAP) -- The Moroccan cabinet Tuesday 
[21 June] held its weekly meeting under the chairmanship of 
Premier and Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation 
Abdellatif Filali to review the measures that must be made to 
implement the program expounded in the governmental declaration 
presented earlier this month to the parliament. 
  Filali said on the occasion that the government must grant 
priority to the sectors of justice, administration, employment, 
privatization, education and promotion of the rural world. 
After it thoroughly examined the various axes presented, the 
cabinet decided to take a number of administrative and juridical 
measures to implement the program. 
  During the meeting, Minister of Justice Mohamed Drissi Alami 
M'chichi made a presentation on the bills submitted to the 
specialized parliamentary committee for examination. The bills 
are meant to modify a number of laws on the organization and 
prerogatives of communal jurisdictions, on the creation of a 
special court to deal with cases of treason, corruption, abuse 
of power, and embezzlements committed by civil servants and on 
the penal procedure code. 
  Minister of Finance Mohamed Sagou on his part expounded the 
two bills he submitted to the specialized parliamentary 
committee for scrutiny. The first bill is related to the use of 
funds earmarked for the promotion of youth employment while the 
second amends the law on the granting of loans to people wishing 
to carry out some projects. 

