Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] San Jose, 5 Feb (AFP) -- Today, Costa Rican Foreign 
Minister Bern Niehaus expressed his support for the OAS to be in 
charge of organizing an American summit scheduled for next 
November to strengthen this organization and discuss North-South 
cooperation. 
  Niehaus, who appears to be a favorite in the March elections 
for the position of OAS secretary general, said that the time 
has come for the OAS to become a center for discussing the 
problems facing the continent. During a meeting with foreign 
media correspondents, Niehaus noted that "the OAS should play a 
leading role in solving problems facing the region and should 
advocate greater North-South cooperation." 
  In a clear reference to Fidel Castro's government, Niehaus 
stated that only "democratic countries" should participate in 
the American summit, which was originally called by U.S. 
President Bill Clinton. Although he favors seeking a negotiated 
solution in Cuba to "pave the way for democracy and promote 
respect for human rights," Niehaus emphasized that he does not 
approve of Cuban government delegates attending the summit. 
Niehaus pointed out that "there are other mechanisms that can be 
used to solve the Cuban issue because no one in his right mind 
could favor bloodshed in that nation." 
  Niehaus, who in the past criticized the government of 
Alberto 
Fujimori, said that he would favor Peru's participation in the 
summit because "there has been sufficient evidence of a return 
to democracy." 
  In addition, Niehaus rejected any changes in Costa Rica's 
foreign policy. 

