BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Ilyas Masuh in Damascus] </F>
  [Excerpt] Egyptian President Husni Mubarak and Syrian 
President Hafiz al-Asad have discussed the Middle East peace 
process on the eve of the expected visit to the region by the 
U.S. secretary of state to activate the peace talks which have 
been suspended for two months. President al-Asad arrived in 
Egypt on a visit that was not previously announced. 
  AL-QABAS learned that President Mubarak proposed to his 
Syrian counterpart that his country embarks on efforts to 
activate the Syrian-Israeli track and to achieve rapprochement 
with the PLO. Al-Asad, however, rejected the idea of holding a 
tripartite summit that will also include Yasir 'Arafat who will 
arrive in Cairo today. 
  Egypt expressed reservations about a Syrian offer to open 
channels between Cairo and Tehran. 
  Diplomatic sources in Damascus told AL-QABAS that President 
al-Asad discussed with Mubarak the recent negative developments 
in Syrian-American relations and the attempt by some quarters in 
the U.S. Administration to undermine these relations with the 
aim of striking at the positive achievements attained in the 
Geneva summit. The objective of these quarters also is to 
retaliate for the failure of the attempts to end the Arab 
boycott of Israel and show their annoyance with the resumption 
of the Russian role in the region. 
  The sources also disclosed that President al-Asad will visit 
Moscow and Tehran in the coming stage. The sources added that 
all these developments will not affect Syria's commitment to the 
peace process in light of the bases it previously defined. 
[passage omitted] 

