BFN 

  [Text] The armed units of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan 
[PUK]--headed by Jalal Talabani, a former guerrilla leader--have 
been caught in a cross fire as a result of Iran's intervention 
in the fighting in northern Iraq. The Iranian Revolution Guards 
launched an attack and pounded Halabjah. As a consequence, 
Talabani's units were caught between the Iranian forces and 
Democratic Party of Kurdistan [DPK] leader Mas'ud Barzani's 
armed groups. They were forced to withdraw from Halabjah. 
  Iran's intervention quickly changed the balance in the 
fighting, which has been continuing in the region since 1 May. 
PUK Spokesman Sarcil Kazaz has disclosed that the people have 
decided to move out of Halabjah for security reasons. In a 
statement in Damascus, Kazaz said the pounding has forced 
thousands of people to flee to the mountains. 
  Meanwhile, Mas'ud Barzani has denied reports that Iran 
supports the DPK in the fighting. It is common knowledge, 
however, that the Islamic Movement and the Kurdistan 
Revolutionary Hizbullah Organization support the DPK. Both of 
those organizations are supported by Iran. 
  The experts say the Iranian Government wishes to eliminate 
the autonomous region in northern Iraq by weakening the Kurds 
and provoking the fighting. The supporters of Talabani and 
Barzani have clashed over a disputed area. At least 250 people 
have been killed in the fighting thus far. The two sides 
concluded a cease-fire agreement on 20 May. However, clashes 
have continued in various areas close to Iran's border since 
then. 

