Article   Type:BFN 

  [Editorial Report] Moscow Radio Rossii Network in Russian 
at 0335 GMT on 27 January, as part of the "Radio Slavyanka" 
program of the Russian Defense Ministry, carries a recorded 
report on the views of Eduard Vorobyev, first deputy commander 
in chief of Russian ground troops, regarding the prospect of the 
use of force to stop the warring sides in Yugoslavia. 
  Vorobyev says: "The Americans regard the operation to 
enforce peace as a peacekeeping operation. We are not yet in 
complete agreement on this and believe that this issue needs 
additional working through. Servicemen would not be acting as 
peacekeepers, and the primary method of achieving the ultimate 
objective would be the use of weapons. How, subsequently, would 
those servicemen be able to carry out the task of peacekeeping?" 
  Vorobyev adds: "Whether we like it or not, carrying out an 
operation to enforce peace would, alas, result in the death of 
people, including civilians. We can also, unfortunately, see 
this in the example of Yugoslavia." He continues: "We believe 
that the operation to enforce peace should be taken out of the 
framework of the peacekeeping operation. Of course, a situation 
may arise when force must also be used, but there need to be 
special units for this, which should be armed appropriately." 
  In conclusion, Vorobyev says: "The servicemen or military 
units taking part in peacekeeping operations use weapons only in 
exceptional cases--above all, in self-defense." 

