BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Cha Man-sun from Vienna] </F>
  [Text] Although North Korea has rejected essential 
inspection activities during its replacement of nuclear fuel 
rods, the International Atomic Energy Agency [IAEA] has assumed 
a position of immediately dispatching an inspection team to 
North Korea and not discarding dialogue with the DPRK in 
expectation of a change in the North's basic position through 
contact with the United States. 
  The IAEA is hoping that North Korea, in the face of the 
report to be presented by IAEA Director-General Hans Blix at the 
UN Security Council in mid-May, will show a positive response 
through contact with the United States and that dialogue with 
North Korea will be maintained. The IAEA is also keeping the 
five-member inspection team, who have already obtained entry 
visas to North Korea, on standby. 
  It is a basic position of the IAEA that it determines if 
North Korea converted used nuclear material through inspection 
activities during North Korea's replacement of nuclear fuel 
rods, and to provide a perfect surveillance system to prevent 
North Korea from converting used nuclear material in the future. 
  North Korea rejected IAEA's essential inspection activities 
through which IAEA can verify if used nuclear material was 
converted and revealed its intention to use this issue as a 
negotiating card during contact with the United States to gain 
support for its light-water reactor. 
  Apart from such moves by North Korea, North Korea linked the 
nuclear issue with the third round of U.S.-North Korean 
high-level talks during the recent working-level contact with 
the United States. Thus, it is likely that in the event the 
North Korean demand is accepted during the upcoming U.S.-North 
Korean contact in New York, North Korea will accept the IAEA 
demand for substantive inspection activities. 

