Article   Type:BFN 

  [Editorial Report] The following is a compilation of 
reports on economic activities in Bolivia monitored through 6 
January. 
  The Bolivian Government signed two loan agreements with 
Germany. The first involves a loan for 30 million German marks 
for an electricity grid in La Paz Department. The second is a 2 
million-mark credit for the supply of drinking water in Oruro. 
(La Paz Television Boliviana Network in Spanish 0100 GMT 31 Dec 
93) 
  The Bolivian Central Bank reported that the economy grew 3.2 
percent in 1993, 0.51 percent higher than the previous year. The 
inflation rate for the year's first 11 months was 8.78 percent, 
a drop of 13 percent compared with the similar period last year. 
Net international reserves totalled $345 million, an increase of 
47.8 percent. The 1993 fiscal deficit was 1.4479 billion 
bolivianos, 6.6 percent of the GDP and an increase of 4.7 
percent compared with the previous year. The trade balance 
registered a $501 million deficit. The foreign debt balance 
totaled $3.8 billion through 31 December, an increase of 0.4 
percent compared with the same period last year. The debt 
service was $235 million, an increase of 14 percent. (La Paz LA 
RAZON in Spanish 24 Dec 93 p B3) 
  The National Statistics Institute announced that the 
inflation rate for 1993 was 9.31 percent, which is the lowest in 
the last 17 years. The report also says the GDP grew 3.2 
percent, approximately $4 billion. The institute reported that 
unemployment during 1993 reached 5.4 percent, 60,000 people. (La 
Paz Television Boliviana Network in Spanish 0100 GMT 4 Jan 94) 

