BFN 

<F P=106> ["CPRF Secretariat Denounces South Korean Authorities' </F>
Development of Nuclear Weapons"--KCNA headline] 
  [Text] Pyongyang, April 11 (KCNA) -- The Kim Yong-sam group 
must not resort to the reckless confrontation row against the 
North by taking issue with it in a far-fetched manner, while 
developing nuclear weapons for their part, but eliminate the 
pressurized heavy water reactor (PHWR) and the multi-purpose 
research reactor which have been fully revealed as ones for 
developing nuclear weapons, and stop at once their development 
of nuclear weapons, said the secretariat of the Committee for 
the Peaceful Reunification of the Fatherland [CPRF] in its 
Information No. 648 released Sunday. 
  Recalling that the Central Committee of the South Korean 
National Democratic Front (Hanminjon) in its white paper March 
30 disclosed that the heavy water reactor in Wolsong and the 
multi-purpose research reactor at the Taedok complex in South 
Korea are used to develop nuclear weapons and that South Korean 
publications and foreign media continued to report materials of 
scientific analysis and evidences of those concerned proving it, 
the information denounces the South Korean puppets' development 
of nuclear weapons as an undisguised act of perfidy on the joint 
declaration on denuclearization already agreed upon between the 
North and the South. 
  The information says: 
  The Kim Yong-sam group is groundlessly taking issue with the 
North over its "nuclear issue," pressing home the urgency of a 
solution to the nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula. This is 
intended to draw public attention at home and abroad to the 
North and speed up its own development of nuclear weapons behind 
the facade and provide justification for it. 
  The DPRK's "nuclear issue" is a product of the 
anti-socialist, anti-DPRK plot of the United States and its 
followers. 
  The United States must give up the unjustifiable pressure 
upon the DPRK, stop the deployment of nuclear war materiel 
including Patriot missiles in South Korea and not resume the 
provocative "Team Spirit" nuclear war exercise. 
  The secretariat of the International Atomic Energy Agency 
(IAEA) must apologize for widening the scope of partiality by 
following the United States in its anti-DPRK moves and strictly 
keep to the principle of impartiality in nuclear inspection. 
  We take this opportunity to express our belief that justice- 
and peace-loving governments, political parties, public 
organizations, individual personages and progressive people all 
over the world will further lift up voices of solidarity for the 
Korean people's just struggle to check and frustrate the Kim 
Yong-sam group's development of nuclear weapons and denuclearize 
the Korean peninsula. 

