Language: <F P=105> Romanian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Andrei Costa: "The Recent Government Reshuffle </F>
Has a Worrying Political Significance"] 
  [Text] The Executive Bureau of the Democratic 
Party-National Salvation Front [PD(FSN)] released a declaration, 
which was made public yesterday, during the weekly news 
conference of that political party. We reproduce the text of 
the declaration: 
  "The Democratic Party has taken notice, with profound worry, 
of a number of recent public actions, culminating in the recent 
government reshuffle, which damages the honor of Romania's 
military, create an atmosphere of unrest and dissatisfaction 
within the armed forces of the country, and, in this way, 
weakens Romania's national security. 
  "The aforementioned actions began by the irresponsible and 
slanderous attacks, having an anti-Romanian character, launched 
by the Greater Romania Party [PRM] against the leadership of the 
armed forces and the Ministry of National Defense, especially 
against [former National Defense Minister Lieutenant] General 
Niculae Spiroiu. Neither the government, nor any other 
institution of the state or any of the parties belonging to the 
current government coalition, deemed it necessary, despite the 
circumstances, to raise its voice in support of the Romanian 
Armed Forces and to defend the honor of this country's military. 
The Superior Council of the army was abandoned and condemned to 
standing there alone facing this unprecedented aggression. 
  "What is even more, the government reshuffle that followed 
created, at least, the impression -- if reality is not even 
worse than the impression -- that they are complying with the 
demands of the extremist and antidemocratic forces, which are 
obviously promoting interests that are alien to those of 
Romania. In this context, it is not the appointment of a 
civilian person to lead the Ministry of National Defense -- a 
customary thing in democratic countries -- that creates concern, 
but rather the replacement of an internationally appreciated 
officer, who was oriented toward the strengthening of national 
security by means of our Euro-Atlantic integration, by a greatly 
disputed person, whose connections with Ceausescu's Securitate 
are far from being fully cleared up. Even if one accepts that 
certain departments of the former Securitate had merely 
technical tasks in serving the country, it is still not 
tolerable, without running huge risks for our national peace, 
that employees of the said departments should now take control 
of the great work of the administration of the armed forces. 
  "Being preoccupied with the possible negative consequences 
the aforementioned events might exert upon the morale and the 
efficiency of the Romanian Armed Forces, the Democratic Party 
requests from all state power factors that they should 
immediately initiate measures to restore and safeguard the honor 
and security of the armed forces, the cornerstone of our 
national edifice. 
  "Similarly, we also request that the Commissions for 
Defense, 
National Security, and Public Order of [the two chambers] of 
Parliament should urgently intervene by investigating this case, 
verifying the various presuppositions referring to the real 
causes that led to the changes in the leadership of the Ministry 
of National Defense, clear up of the personal situation of the 
current defense minister, as well as indicate permanent and 
urgent parliamentary solutions intended to safeguard the moral 
and action integrity of the armed forces, the guarantor of our 
country's independence and sovereignty.'' 
  Talking about the recent government reshuffle, Mr. Adrian 
Severin [deputy chairman of the PD(FSN)] assessed that it was 
not what it had been intended to seem, namely that will not lead 
to the improvement of the government's performance by the 
contribution of new experts, being rather a political act, in 
the best case, a premature one, having a worrying political 
significance. His conclusion was alarming: It seems that 
certain levels of Romania's Government are beginning to act 
autonomously and, cooperating with the other parties of the red 
pentagon [reference to the National Romanian Unity Party, the 
Democratic Agrarian Party of Romania, the Socialist Party of 
Labor, and the Greater Romania Party, currently supporting the 
ruling party], excluding the Social Democracy Party of Romania 
[PDSR], they are trying to set up an autonomous bloc. It seems 
that Prime Minister [Nicolae] Vacaroiu and his close aides had 
an essential role in the government reshuffle. If one connects 
this to a number of other phenomena, which had been detected 
earlier, Severin said, one might reach the conclusion that the 
recent dialogue between the forces of the opposition and the 
party having the relative majority, the PDSR, has triggered an 
alarm reaction on behalf of the government and the other parties 
of the red pentagon, representing the most substantial part of 
the extremist, xenophobic, and antidemocratic parties. 

