BFN 

  [Text] Bonn -- During the German presidency of the 
European Union [EU] in the second half of 1994, the Federal 
Government wants to tackle the upcoming tasks "in close 
cooperation" with Paris. Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel (Free 
Democratic Party of Germany) confirmed this during the debate on 
European policies at the Federal Assembly. Among other things, 
he cited "modernization to ensure the transition to the age of 
information" to create future jobs as one of the major tasks. 
  Moreover, the prosperity gap vis-a-vis Central and East 
Europe must be removed, and the eastern neighboring countries 
must be moved closer to the western stability zone and to the EU 
in the long run. As the state located at the center of Europe, 
Germany feels particularly great responsibility. Kinkel also 
stressed that practical progress must be achieved soon 
concerning police cooperation and a common asylum and 
immigration policy. 
  The reason for the debate of the Federal Assembly was the 
upcoming German EU presidency. Representatives of the laender 
unanimously called for more democracy and closeness to the 
citizens in the European Union. Saarland Minister-President 
Oskar Lafontaine (Social Democratic Party of Germany) stated 
that the course for the reform of the EU, scheduled for 1996, 
must be set during the German presidency in the second half of 
1994. Europe must not become a super state. 
  Saxony Minister-President Biedenkopf (Christian Democratic 
Union) demanded that clear information should soon be provided 
as to how the Central and East European states are to be 
incorporated in the EU. Biedenkopf confirmed the call for more 
rights for the European Parliament. 

