Language: <F P=105> Urdu </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [News Report: "Uzbekistan Revokes Lenient Visa Policy"] </F>
  [Text] Karachi (Staff Reporter) -- The former Soviet Union 
republic and Central Asian country of Uzbekistan have abandoned 
its lenient policies to issue visas to Pakistanis. According to 
informed sources, the Central Asian countries have formed a 
policy of control for issuing visas to foreigners. This policy 
has several aspects. Some of these steps were taken to prevent 
the Central Asian republics from influence of foreign political 
ideologies and political instability. In addition, because of 
fear of the spread of epidemics such as cholera, the visas are 
being issued following strict criteria. The sources revealed 
that because of the strict rules about issuing visas, the number 
of tourists visiting Central Asian republics has decreased 
significantly. The number of passengers on the two weekly PIA 
[Pakistan International Airlines] flights from Islamabad has 
decreased considerably. PIA sources have expressed concerns that 
if Uzbekistan does not adopt liberal policies for issuing visas, 
then there is the possibility of reduction of the present two 
flights to one flight a week. The sources said that at present, 
PIA officials are trying to get support for issuing visas to 
Tashkent for their passengers, so that Islamabad-Tashkent 
traffic is maintained. The sources revealed that PIA is starting 
a new route from Islamabad to Alma-Ata, Kazakhstan's capital, 
via Tashkent on 20 November. The necessary arrangements are 
being made. 

