BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, June 18 (XINHUA) -- The Communist Party of 
China (CPC) Central Committee has decided to send 20 
investigation groups to some provinces and ministries for 
inspection of anti-corruption work. 
  The groups will inspect 24 ministries and 24 provinces and 
autonomous regions at the end of June or in early July. 
  At an assembly of the central inspection groups held today, 
Wei Jianxing, member of the CPC Politburo, said that in the 
second half of this year, especially in the third quarter, the 
anti-corruption struggle should be deepened. 
  He said that although the struggle has achieved progress, 
the 
development of the struggle in the provinces and ministries is 
uneven. 
  Wei, also the secretary of the CPC Central Commission for 
Discipline Inspection, urged the groups to listen widely to 
officials and people's opinions on the anti-corruption struggle 
and study the problems in the current struggle. 
  The inspection will focus on leading officials' 
self-restraint in fostering an honest working style and the 
progress in dealing with major cases and rectifying unhealthy 
tendencies in different trades. 
  The members of the groups are from the departments of the 
Central Committee of the CPC, National People's Congress, and 
National Committee of the Chinese People's Political 
Consultative Conference, the Supreme People's Court and the 
Supreme People's Procuratorate. Some leaders of non-communist 
parties and individuals without party affiliation will also take 
part in the inspection. 

