Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Mexico City, 25 Jan (EFE) -- Former Nicaraguan 
President Daniel Ortega today denied any links between the 
Zapatist National Liberation Army (EZLN) and guerrillas in 
Central America. 
  However, he added, it would not be surprising to find Latin 
Americans among the Zapatists, "because Latin America has always 
been present in the region's revolutionary movements, although 
violence is something that cannot be imported." 
  Ortega, who made a brief stopover in Mexico on his way to 
Cuba, said the armed conflict in Chiapas is a warning that 
proves the neoliberal policies imposed by the United States on 
Latin America are a social failure. 
  Ortega, who will attend a Cuban solidarity meeting on the 
Caribbean island, said the rebellion in southeastern Mexico 
should not only shake up the conscience of the Mexican people, 
but of the entire region. 
  "Until misery and social injustice disappear, violent 
movements will continue in Latin America," he added. Ortega 
also said the insurrection is a warning to goverments, which 
"should not rest on their laurels," believing that the fall of 
socialism in Eastern Europe means we are now living in "the 
kingdom of capitalism." 
  Governments "should realize that misery and unemployment are 
there, before their eyes, and that as long as there is misery 
and unemployment, there will be uprisings and social violence," 
he stressed. 

