Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The main opposition Democratic Party's [DP] proposal 
to dismiss Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Kim 
Yang-pae was voted down in the National Assembly plenary session 
yesterday. In a secret balloting in which 276 lawmakers 
participated, it was rejected by a vote of 164 nays to 112 ayes. 
DP lawmakers made the proposal early last week, charging that 
Minister Kim insulted parliament and betrayed the nation's 6 
million farmers by failing to make proper efforts to protect the 
local rice market. In an address that preceded the voting, Rep. 
Chong Ki-ho of the DP appealed to the DLP [Democratic Liberal 
Party] lawmakers to cast "aye" votes. 
  Rep. Chong accused Minister Kim of having made little effort 
to protect the interests of farmers in connection with the 
opening of the domestic agricultural market. "Minister Kim has 
also deceived lawmakers by breaking his own promise to report to 
the parliament on the government plan to implement the Uruguay 
Round trade accord," Chong said. 
  Of the ruling Democratic Liberal Party's 172 lawmakers, 164 
were present at the voting, suggesting that all the DLP solons 
voted against the bill. Prior to the plenary session, each rival 
parties called a general meeting of its lawmakers in an effort 
to prevent possible "revolt" votes. The DLP leadership had 
worried whether some DLP lawmakers from rural constituencies 
might vote in favor of the dismissal of the agriculture minister. 

