Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:CSO 

  [Text] Mr Dhanik Lal Mandal, Haryana Governor laid the 
foundation stone of the building of American Institute of Indian 
Studies (AIIS) in Gurgaon on Thursday. The building costing 
about Rs[rupees] three crore to be constructed within two years. 
  Addressing an elite gathering on this occasion Mr Mandal 
complimented the Institute for its positive contribution for 
promoting studies on India in American universities. He said 
that both India and USA share the common faith in the democratic 
ideals. Mr Mandal recalled that festival of America in India and 
festival of India in USA have helped in bringing the people of 
our two nations closer. He said that about 18,000 Indians are 
studying in American universities and a number of students and 
scholars from the USA are in the institution of higher learning 
in our country. Under the aegis of American Institute of Indian 
Studies about 100 to 120 scholars are brought to India every 
year to do research in different fields. 
  During the last 32 years of its existence the AIIS, a 
non-government organisation, has enabled 2,000 scholars to come 
to work in India. It has also published for subsidised 
publication about 2,000 books on India. 
  Mr Mandal said that on account of fellowship programmes a 
number of universities where Indian studies are taught has 
increased to 70 whereas in the 60's this number was less than a 
dozen. 
  Mr Mandal expressed the belief that the recent shift in the 
emphasis on the Chinese, Japanese studies languages, culture, 
arts and economy in American universities will not affect the 
funding of higher education and studies on India. 


