Language: <F P=105> Urdu </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Foreign Minister Sardar Asif Ahmad Ali arrived in 
Kazakhstan's capital of Almaty yesterday on the last leg of his 
weeklong official visit to three Central Asian states. He was 
received at the airport by Kazakh Foreign Minister Suleymenov 
and other senior officials. During a brief discussion with the 
Kazakh foreign minister at the airport, Sardar Asif Ahmad Ali 
said ties between Kazakhstan and Pakistan will always be 
friendly and stable. He said Prime Minister Ms. Benazir Bhutto 
attaches great importance to ties with Central Asian states. 
  Foreign Minister Sardar Asif Ahmad Ali said the Kashmir 
problem is the most important issue between Pakistan and India 
and its resolution is essential to improving the security 
environment in South Asia. Refuting a REUTER report which 
stated the Pakistan foreign minister's warning that a nuclear 
war could break out in South Asia if the Kashmir issue is not 
resolved, Sardar Asif Ahmad Ali said a number of countries have 
expressed concern over the threat of war between Pakistan and 
India on the issue. He said in categorical terms that Pakistan 
wants a peaceful resolution of the Jammu and Kashmir dispute. 
With the same desire, Pakistan got ready to hold talks with 
India on every aspect of the dispute. He said to make the talks 
meaningful, it is essential that human rights violations be 
halted in occupied Kashmir, and that India, with due 
seriousness, should display its political determination to solve 
this issue. 

