BFN 

  [Text] At the morning session of the party's political 
coordinating group, Secretary General of the Slovene Christian 
Democrats [SKD] Edvard Stanic offered his resignation. As we 
have learned, the reason for this move was primarily of a party 
nature as it is supposed to accelerate the overcoming of 
internal disputes and consolidate the party's position. 
  At the recent party conference in Zagorje Stanic favored a 
policy of dialogue, patience, and discussion with the political 
adversaries and at the same time warned of the party's actual 
strength in political life. This illustrates the differences 
between two factions, of which one favors the SKD leaving the 
government coalition and the other warning that the party is 
only as strong in the coalition and the government as is its 
number of deputies. The latter faction also emphasizes that it 
is not possible to put forward demands in the government because 
the prime minister's post is in the hands of the coalition 
partner. 
  In a statement for Radio Slovenia SKD, the secretary general 
said that the chances of him changing his mind are very slim. 
He decided to resign after the vote of the party's deputies, 
who, in the parliament last week, did not support the proposal 
of the coalition government to replace Labor Minister Jozica 
Puhar. Such and similar actions are supposed to undermine the 
party's credibility in the negotiations about the formation of a 
two-party government. Because of this, party president Lojze 
Peterle is supposedly also reconsidering his position. 
  The strengthening of the party also lies behind the proposal 
to move the date of the planned party congress forward from 
December to September 1994. As we have learned, the SKD 
leadership will discuss the current situation next week. 

