BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent] </F>
  [Text] Moscow, 28 Apr -- Vyacheslav Kostikov, press 
secretary of the Russian president, has assessed Boris Yeltsin's 
decision to heed the State Duma's view on joint Russian-U.S. 
exercises and the proposal to hold additional consultations on 
this issue between the Russian and U.S. military departments as 
a normal and specific fact of interaction with other democratic 
institutions of power. 
  This step, he said in an exclusive interview with ITAR-TASS 
today, was dictated not by Boris Yeltsin's concessions to 
"certain circles," and even less by any colder attitude on the 
part of the Russian leadership to the United States, as some 
analysts maintain, but by the striving to adopt such foreign and 
domestic political decisions as would promote the strengthening 
of civic accord. 
  "No one voices any surprise," Vyacheslav Kostikov remarked, 
"when U.S. presidents take into account the Congress' opinion or 
the views of influential politicians before adopting this or 
that decision. This is an absolutely normal procedure of 
democratic interaction, and the fact that it is making way for 
itself in Russia, replacing the voluntarist decisions of the 
past, is a positive phenomenon showing a more mature and 
democratic decision-making process in conditions of pluralism." 
  In Vyacheslav Kostikov's view, one can admit that the 
decisions taken through such a procedure can be more or less 
successful or timely. However, he stressed, "it is beyond doubt 
that they are a norm of the democratic process with all the 
ensuing positive and negative consequences." 
  As is known, the agreement on holding joint Russian-U.S. 
exercises at the Totsk testing range in Orenburg oblast in July 
was reached by the Russian and U.S. foreign ministers. The 
exercise was to practise interaction between peacekeeping 
subunits of the two military departments. 

