Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, January 6 (KCNA) -- The construction of 
reservoirs has been pushed ahead in Korea. 
  Some 20 reservoirs are under construction in North Hwanghae 
Province, western central part of the country. 
  Their pondage amounts to tens of millions of cubic meters. 
  The builders are now speeding up the construction of 
reservoirs at the final stage with a target to finish them 
before the 30th anniversary of the publication of the rural 
theses (February 25). 
  The province built the Chitaek reservoir with a pondage of 2 
million cubic metres, the Sinchon reservoir with a pondage of 
1.7 million cubic metres and 30 other reservoirs in the last two 
years for an effective use in the development of agriculture. 
  The work to consolidate irrigation is being pushed ahead in 
other provinces including South Hwanghae, North and South 
Pyongan Provinces. 
  In Korea, all paddy and non-paddy fields have been already 
fully irrigated. 
  The overall irrigation system for paddy and non-paddy fields 
has been established with the construction of 14,000 kilometres 
of water channels including the West Sea 
barrage-Sinchon-Kangryong-Ongjin waterway, the West Sea 
barrage-Lake Changsu reverse current waterway, the West Sea 
barrage-Onchon waterway, the River Yesong-Yonbaek plain 
waterway, the River Nam-Miru plain waterway, the Taechon power 
station-Unjon-Chongju-Kwaksan waterway, over 12,400 pumping 
stations, 192 reservoirs and over 16,000 underground water 
facilities along with the existing irrigation set-ups. 

