Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] President Fidel V. Ramos on Wednesday [16 March] 
directed the Department of Environment and Natural Resources 
[DENR] and the Bureau of Customs to strictly implement the 
government's policy prohibiting the entry or importation of 
wastes, whether toxic or safe. President Ramos specifically 
ordered the Bureau of Customs to send back immediately to their 
countries of origin all shipments of imported wastes. At the 
same time he ordered the Bureau of Customs to strengthen its 
surveillance and inspection system and to monitor and check all 
incoming cargoes to see if they carry waste materials. 
  The directives are issued on the heels of the arrival over 
this month from Australia, the shipment of electronic metal 
scrap consigned to a local firm. 
  The government's policy prohibiting the importation of all 
kinds of wastes, whether toxic or safe, is contained in the 
approved integrated national solid waste management system 
framework, which provides that no technologies shall be allowed 
that will require the importation of wastes of any kind, whether 
toxic or safe. This policy is in consonance with Republic Act 
No. 6969, which provides that it is state policy to prohibit the 
entry, even in transit, of hazardous and nuclear waste and their 
disposal into the Philippine territory. 
  Initial investigation by the DENR of the cargo from 
Australia 
carried aboard the MV Tsadasa GIW revealed that the cargo 
contained used mixed electronic memory scrap, as indicated in 
the cargo manifest. 

