Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Sergey Glazyev, former Russian minister of foreign 
economic relations, has denied assertions that economic 
stabilization has begun in Russia. 
  The "chaotic disintegration" of the economy may continue for 
a long time to come, he told a conference in Moscow on Monday 
[10 January]. 
  Glazyev listed what, in his view, are the essential measures 
to stabilize the economy. The main step is to restore the 
controlled public sector, namely a network of state-owned 
enterprises, he said. 
  Another important measure is stimulation of "vertical 
reintegration" and creation of "large vertical corporations." 
The restrictions on the merger of enterprises and the 
absorption of one enterprise by another must be lifted, Glazyev 
believes. Creation of corporations -- state, private and mixed 
ones alike -- should be encouraged, he said. "One of the main 
destabilizing factors" in the economy is the implementation of 
the government program of privatization, which "is leading to 
the severing of economic links," he said. 
  State control of natural resources should be restored, for 
that could also play an important stabilizing role, Glazyev 
believes. No less important, in his opinion, would be tight 
control over the use by enterprises of the funds they receive 
for the maintenance and renovation of their equipment. Today 
such money is often spent on wages, he said. 
  In general, it is efficient microeconomic ties that would 
provide the basis for stabilization, Glazyev said. "We do not 
reject macroeconomic stabilization, but we believe it is 
insufficient," he said. 

