Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Turkish Foreign Minister Hikmet Cetin by </F>
Egyptian weekly newspaper AL-'ARABI correspondent Ghunaym 
'Abduh; place, date not given] 
  [Excerpts] [passage omitted] ['Abduh] Turkey does not want 
to know the internal reasons or motives of the Kurdish problem. 
It does not want to listen directly to the Kurds or their 
proposals for a solution. Indeed, Turkey is searching for a 
solution to the problem beyond its border, making threats 
against neighboring countries. What is your comment? 
  [Cetin] The Turkish Government realizes that the essence of 
Kurdish Workers Party [PKK] terrorism stems from Turkish 
territory. But it is fueled by the party's branches outside 
Turkey, which extend into neighboring countries and some 
European capitals, where the party has representation offices. 
We are always eager to discuss this subject during all our 
meetings with our neighbors and European allies. 
  I am glad we convinced the allies. This was manifest in 
Germany's recent strict measures against the party. PKK offices 
in Germany and other parts of Europe have been closed. An 
inclination to cooperate has also emerged from the governments 
of Syria and Iran and from Kurdish leaders in northern Iraq. 
  In its handling of PKK terrorism, Turkish policy is based on 
suppressing it and rapidly implementing immense investment 
projects in southeast Turkey to improve public services and 
standards of living, hoping to achieve tangible results soon. 
The parliament--approximately 25 percent of the members of 
which are Kurds--the press and the media and the various 
academies are involved in a broad dialogue on the proposed or 
possible solutions to the problem of backwardness in southeast 
Turkey to end PKK terrorism. [passage omitted] 
  ['Abduh] The deputy chairman of the Islamic Welfare Party in 
Turkey has stated that the West is using its protection of Iraqi 
Kurds to back the PKK and fight the Islamic tide in Turkey. As 
an example, he mentioned the U.S. ambassador's visit to 
southeast Turkey in an effort to surround the Islamists in 
Turkey. 
  [Cetin] The American ambassador's visit aimed to achieve 
nothing of this sort. Since the beginning, U.S. policy has 
firmly opposed terrorism and the PKK. This was announced on 
various levels. The visit had nothing to do with an alleged 
fight against the Islamic tide. 
  ['Abduh] Prime Minister Tansu Ciller has recently affirmed 
that Turkey will not relinquish secularism in any circumstances. 
How are you going to deal with the growing fundamentalist tide 
in Turkey? 
  [Cetin] Secularism is one of the basic principles on which 
Turkish democracy is built. It provides freedom of expression. 
Expressing religious views has always been one of the features 
of political life in Turkey. This expression has always 
occupied a complementary position. Fundamentalism is excessive 
religious fanaticism that seeks to overthrow secularist 
democracy. 
  Secularism does not deny Islam. And it is not a call to 
isolate Islam from national life. Conservative religious trends 
are not new to Turkey. Since the seventies, religion has been 
part of political life, although not a major part. 

