BFN 

  [Text] Sofia, April 15 (BTA) -- At its midnight 
extraordinary meeting the Bulgarian Government decided to 
propose to parliament to allow, as a one-time act, the passage 
of the United Nations equipment, provided by the U.S. 
Administration and intended to be used by the UNPROFOR [UN 
Protection Forces] force in Macedonia [The Former Yugoslav 
Republic of Macedonia -- FYROM] for preventive operations, 
across Bulgaria. The media learned about this decision from 
government spokesman Raycho Raykov at 0200 hours. At 
yesterday's meeting the government decided to grant the request 
made by UN Secretary General Butrus Butrus-Ghali for assistance 
for the unobstructed passage of 14 armoured vehicles and 
supplementary equipment across Bulgaria from the border with 
Romania to the border with Macedonia. 
  At yesterday's regular meeting of parliament the MP's 
accused 
the government of having exceeded its rights. Some MP's believe 
that a certain text in the Bulgarian Constitution is given 
different interpretations. According to the text in the 
Constitution, it is the prerogative of parliament to approve the 
deployment, use or crossing of foreign troops; another text in 
it empowers the government to tackle foreign policy problems. 
  According to Foreign Minister Stanislav Daskalov, the 
ministers unanimously confirmed that Bulgaria should allow the 
transit passage of the UN equipment. His answer to the question 
if not allowing it would have a negative effect on Bulgaria's 
image was in the affirmative. 
  The extraordinary meeting of the cabinet to reconsider its 
decision was prompted by the heated debate in the National 
Assembly, which extended its working time by two hours yesterday. 

