Language: <F P=105> Serbo-Croatian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Alija Izetbegovic, president of the Presidency of 
Bosnia-Herzegovina, today received Sukru Tufan, the Turkish 
ambassador to Bosnia-Herzegovina. 
  I am honored that Mr. Izetbegovic found time to receive me 
and I am satisfied with the very useful talks today on the 
current events concerning the denouement of the 
Bosnia-Herzegovina crisis. This was stated by Ambassador Tufan 
for B-H Press. We exchanged views of the Washington agreement 
and the cease-fire in Sarajevo. We also discussed the 
participation of the Turkish forces as part of UNPROFOR [UN 
Protection Forces] units. We will soon establish the mechanism 
for permanent political consultations between the leaderships of 
Bosnia-Herzegovina and Turkey, the Turkish ambassador said. 
Ambassador Sukru Tufan expressed the hope that the numerous 
positive steps taken recently would lead to the final peace. 
  We consider the agreement between the Bosniaks and the 
Croats 
as a major and significant step. We hope that the talks in 
Vienna will continue in the direction of preserving a pluralist 
character of Bosnia-Herzegovina and that the Serbs will be 
enabled to join such a community. Of course, you must decide on 
the future of your country. Turkey will support the stand of 
the Bosnia-Herzegovina authorities, as has been the case from 
the very beginning, Turkish Ambassador to Bosnia-Herzegovina 
Sukru Tufan said. 

