BFN 

  [Text] Tirana, June 18 (ATA) -- Due to insistence of the 
Albanian delegation, a paragraph concerning the situation in 
Kosova was included in the final document approved by the CSCE 
senior officials at the 27th meeting of its committee, according 
to an information of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
Emphasizing the escalation of the situation in Kosova because 
of the continuing repression, the document demands immediate and 
unconditional return of the CSCE long-term missions to Kosova, 
reestablishing and functioning of the democratic institutions 
and resolving the statute of Kosova. 
  The meeting treated also the request of The Former Yugoslav 
Republic of Macedonia [FYROM] for a full membership in the CSCE 
and Albania gave its consensus for accepting this republic. But 
a full membership of The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia 
was again blocked by Greece. 
  During the meeting, the Albanian delegation read a statement 
in regard to the relations with Greece after the incident of 
April 10, 1994, emphasizing that it is very important to clarify 
the circumstances of the incident and repeated the idea that 
without excepting other forms, an examination of the facts by 
the CSCE would help in a full clarification of this question. 
The Albanian delegation emphasized the importance of the 
normalization of the Albanian-Greek relations for the two 
countries and for the situation in the region. The Greek 
representative at the meeting expressed also his confidence that 
the two sides would know to overcome this situation, the 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs reported today. 

