BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with President-Elect Roman Herzog by Manfred </F>
Bissinger and Hans-Ulrich Joerges; place and date not given: 
"The Inconvenient President"] 
  [Text] [DIE WOCHE] Mr. President, what slogan have you 
adopted for your mandate? What is your most important objective 
now? 
  [Herzog] I am chiefly concerned with truth and clarity. The 
four parties that support our democracy are all based on the 
values of the French revolution, in other words liberty, 
equality, and fraternity. These values must be brought to the 
fore again. Now and again there have to be people who raise 
their voices above daily political conflicts and warn others 
that our democracy is still fragile . 
  [DIE WOCHE] In other words the president must pull 
everything 
together. Must he also express criticism now and again? 
  [Herzog] He should do both. First, he must emphasize those 
qualities that bring people together. His task is also to 
recognize long-term problems and developments that do not 
necessarily dominate the political debates. We have parliaments 
that have become nothing more than legislative machines because 
we expect too much from them. We have parties that contain 
various factions that have to be integrated all the time. And 
we also have some very insensitive media and associations. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Truth and clarity -- does that mean a readiness 
to criticize others, especially pressure groups? Is that your 
idea? 
  [Herzog] That is not my intention, but it is inevitable. 
That has always been my conviction. 
  [DIE WOCHE] How would you describe yourself? Are you an 
enlightened conservative, a conservative of values, or a classic 
conservative? 
  [Herzog] Of course I am conservative in certain points. 
Above all, I want to preserve our political system. Our system 
is a progressive one in many spheres, and therefore I am 
progressive as well. But playing about with definitions serves 
no purpose. I am fond of hearing the adjective "enlightened," 
because for me it means thinking without any taboos. 
  [DIE WOCHE] You were born in Landshut. What memories do you 
have of your family home and the community you grew up in? 
  [Herzog] My father held a leading position in a snuff 
factory. This company played a major role in Landshut, which 
was not particularly well endowed with industry. I remember 
that we lived close to the factory, and I was able to draw an 
outline of the whole factory. That, by the way, is also one of 
the reasons why I sometimes say that I grew up among workers. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Was your childhood milieu a lower-middle-class 
one? 
  [Herzog] There was certainly a trend upwards from the lower 
middle class. My father came from a clearly lower-middle-class 
home in which music was very popular. He was capable of reading 
music scores, and he was a wonderful amateur violinist. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Do you have any brothers and sisters? 
  [Herzog] I have a brother who is three years younger. He is 
a 
nuclear physicist, responsible for the security of one of the 
nuclear reactors near Landshut. By the way, he is more musical 
than me. He plays the piano. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Who had more influence on your upbringing? Did 
your father let you mother do all the work? 
  [Herzog] Of course he was concerned about my upbringing, but 
my mother had to wage the daily family struggle. My father had 
certain guidelines about his children's upbringing. Of course 
he never let my mother decide on her own, which she would never 
have liked to do in any case, because deep inside she was 
somewhat insecure. She was enormously hard-working and 
efficient, but she always paid attention to the opinions of 
others. If I had to describe in a nutshell the upbringing I 
received for my father, I would say that he created room for 
development. But all the same, he set an example to me with his 
strictness and with his method of separating the tangible from 
the intangible. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Did he ever say you must grow up to be a man? 
  [Herzog] He said to us: I am giving you a better chance than 
my father ever gave me, and you must make the most of it. 
  [DIE WOCHE] What did you father think of National Socialism? 
Was there a difference of opinion between home and school? 
  [Herzog] The firm for which my father worked belonged to a 
family in which one of the leading members was a convinced 
National Socialist. One day, before 1933, this person simply 
registered all the factory employees in the National Socialist 
Party [NSDAP]. He said that the party needed more people and 
that he himself would pay the membership dues. The employees 
accepted. The first genuine political memory I have is of 1938, 
the year Austria was annexed to Germany. 
  [DIE WOCHE] You remember the celebrations? 
  [Herzog] Exactly. Then my father said my mother: "Go and 
turn the radio off. The Austrians must be kidding. Surely they 
must know what is happening in Germany." 
  [DIE WOCHE] What did he mean? 
  [Herzog] He meant the lost freedom of speech, and he also 
meant the proletarian, loud-mouthed public appearances that he 
had always abhorred, not only in the NSDAP. 
  [DIE WOCHE] What political values did he give you then? 
  [Herzog] Of course we discussed the political situation, 
especially during the first years of the war when he was still 
at home. But he was more concerned about the military and world 
political situation, such as relations between France and 
England. Whenever we listened to some loud speech, he would 
adopt an odd expression, and his nose would become quite narrow. 
An attempt was once made to get me into an Adolf Hitler School. 
He must have been at home on leave at the time. I came home 
full of joy at the idea of going to such a school, but the idea 
was soon given up. "I am going to bring my children up myself," 
said my father. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Did the word "Dachau" mean anything in your 
home, 
school, or milieu? 
  [Herzog] We knew about Dachau, but we had never heard of the 
expression concentration camp. All we used to say was: Look, 
there's a man being taken away. He is going to Dachau. 
  [DIE WOCHE] What ideas did the word Dachau call up? 
  [Herzog] The general impression in my environment was that 
Dachau was a place where people had to work very hard. I can 
specify the exact date we discovered what a concentration camp 
really was. It was 30 December 1944. The Landshut railroad 
station was bombed for the first time on 28 December. On 30 
December, we saw for the first time a column of 50 or 60 
concentration camp prisoners who had been detailed to clear the 
wreckage. For me, and I am sure for my father as well, because 
I can still see his face, that was the first concrete impression 
of what things were really like in Dachau. My mother began to 
complain loudly, not about the condition of the prisoners, but 
about their thin clothing. Later, in the beginning or middle of 
April 1945, thousands of prisoners from some concentration camp 
were led through Landshut. Then one could clearly see what was 
happening. That is a great memory for me, almost a traumatic 
one, and it has affected my entire political thinking. 
  [DIE WOCHE] You went to an arts high school? 
  [Herzog] Yes, in Landshut. It was run mainly by pensioners, 
so we did not experience much National Socialism in it. The 
principal was a former member of the Bavarian People's Party, 
who was not particularly concerned about anything. So we did not 
have much to do with National Socialism. We kept changing 
schools, but from March 1945 on there was virtually no more 
education. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Then the chaotic years began. 
  [Herzog] I did not resume high school until October 1946. 
Actually, I should have have gone back to elementary school, but 
for some reason the authorities overlooked me in the general 
mess. The 14 or 15 months without school were the best part of 
my youth. It was a time of freedom the likes of which it is 
impossible to imagine! I was 11 at the time, my brother eight. 
We spent the whole of the hot summer of 1948 on the Isar River. 
  [DIE WOCHE] When did you become interested in politics? 
  [Herzog] Pretty early. It sounds funny, but we learned East 
European geography from Wehrmacht reports. Two images in my 
life made a political impression on me -- first, the 
concentration camp inmates in Landshut, and second, the stream 
of refugees from the East. 
  [DIE WOCHE] When did you choose which political stream to 
follow? 
  [Herzog] My first conscious postwar experience was the 
debate 
on rearmament. I was clearly in favor of rearmament, even 
though I knew it might mean military service for me. In the 
meantime, the GDR uprising occurred on 17 June 1953. We learned 
a lesson from that. The lesson was that one must defend 
oneself. I decided to join the Christian Democratic Union [CDU] 
quite late, during my time as professor in Berlin. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Let us return to the graduation exams. You were 
top of your class? 
  [Herzog] Yes. 
  [DIE WOCHE] What grade did you get? 
  [Herzog] One. It all came to me automatically. I never had 
to work as a schoolboy. I also had tolerant teachers. For at 
least two years, I never had any school exercise books, because 
in the afternoons I used to provide additional instruction, and 
in the evening I used to wander off to the city center, where I 
met my wife. 
  [DIE WOCHE] You used to chase women? 
  [Herzog] Of course. And they chased us. We were very 
good-looking boys. 
  [DIE WOCHE] What was the young Roman Herzog like? Were you 
popular even though you were brainy? 
  [Herzog] I was always a spokesman for the class. In the 
final three years, I was even a spokesman for the school. 
  [DIE WOCHE] How old were you when you met your wife? 
  [Herzog] Her family came to Landshut in 1948. I was 14 and 
my future wife 11. We met in the local cafe. Landshut had a 
population of between 30,000 and 40,000. Everyone knew everyone 
else, and one knew attractive women in particular. 
  [DIE WOCHE] This was your first love? 
  [Herzog] Yes. 
  [DIE WOCHE] You never joined the Bundeswehr? 
  [Herzog] No. The rearmament debate dragged on so long that I 
ceased to be eligible. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Why did you study law? 
  [Herzog] I wanted to study law. But already in school I 
realized that law was not going to be my career. Nevertheless I 
did not give up studying law. Later, I fluctuated between law 
and physics. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Physics was the science of the future. 
  [Herzog] It was interesting, especially because one could 
read the treatises of Einstein and Heisenberg. However, I must 
say that my opinion of Einstein was not quite unblemished 
because Einstein condoned the construction of the atom bomb. 
  [DIE WOCHE] How did you reach your opinion regarding the 
atom 
bomb? 
  [Herzog] The first time I read about Hiroshima was during a 
summer vacation with my relatives in the country. It must have 
been 1947. The author of the report I read was Hans Have. I 
knew of course that the bomb was first of all a war atrocity, 
and second it was a dirty business. But during the 
confrontation with the East bloc I was always in favor of 
nuclear weapons on the assumption that they would never be used. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Did you ever support the idea of nuclear weapons 
for the Bundeswehr? 
  [Herzog] Never. The ban on these weapons was already 
declared in 1954. 
  [DIE WOCHE] What effect did Konrad Adenauer and Kurt 
Schumacher have on you? 
  [Herzog] Adenauer's political efforts were very much 
respected in my family. But we preferred Schumacher's speeches. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Schumacher was more nationalist? 
  [Herzog] True, but he was also clearer. He represented 
German interests more clearly. 
  [DIE WOCHE] What was your first impression of the wild 
young Franz Jozef Strauss? Did you observe his struggle against 
the Bavarian party? 
  [Herzog] The Bavarian Party had certain anti-foreigner 
undertones, directed against refugees and displaced persons. 
But there is an old anticlerical tradition in Bavaria that is 
nevertheless a conservative one. The Bavarian Party supported 
this tradition. It was obvious that one day someone would 
appear who is a liberal and flexible enough to lead the two 
conservative streams, the clerical Hundhammer-Christian Social 
Union, and the anticlerical Bavarian Party. That someone was 
Franz Josef Strauss. 
  [DIE WOCHE] You met Theodor Maunz at Munich University. 
Professionally, and probably politically as well, he was an 
important person for you for a longer period of time. What kind 
of relationship did you have? 
  [Herzog] I never felt the need to establish a personal 
relationship with a professor. But when I took my preliminary 
exams in 1957, I decided that I must take my final exams with 
him. 
  [DIE WOCHE] And did you also achieve an A in these 
examinations? 
  [Herzog] No, but the grade was quite high nevertheless, to 
my 
great surprise. When I became his assistant, he was already 
culture minister. I never served directly under him. The only 
things I wrote for him were commentaries on the Basic Law. These 
were patterns that he later revamped, usually for the worse. It 
was clear that I would earn my final qualifications from him so 
I undertook to write a legal commentary. 
  [DIE WOCHE] It is you who wrote the Basic Law commentary? 
  [Herzog] I would not say that. But there are major passages 
that I did write, which were later published under Maunz's name. 
  [DIE WOCHE] How much of it did you write? 
  [Herzog] I would say 40 percent. 
  [DIE WOCHE] How do you explain the later secret activity of 
Gerhard Frey, chief of the right-wing extremist German People's 
Union? 
  [Herzog] Maunz was not a Nazi. His son kept making that 
clear. He reached a compromise under the Third Reich. He was 
much too Catholic to be a Hitler-Nazi. I have never heard 
anything about him that sounds antidemocratic. Needless to say 
he must have maintained close contacts. In the 1980's, I was 
secretary of state in Bonn; so I do not know what happened, but 
I imagine that whatever it was, it was similar to the situation 
of a politician who, years after people have lost interest in 
him, is happy to be asked for any advice at all. 
  [DIE WOCHE] What was your reaction when you heard this? 
  [Herzog] I was extremely annoyed. It is understandable for 
people to have been suppliant under the Third Reich. One should 
avoid making hasty judgments if one has never been in such a 
situation. But the business with Frey was completely 
unnecessary. It is inexplicable. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Then you became an ordinary professor. You began 
to take a more active part in events. You experienced the 1968 
disturbances in Berlin, the death of Benno Ohnesorg, the visit 
of the Shah, the Socialist German Students Union, the 
anti-Springer campaign, and so on. 
  [Herzog] That was insignificant. 
  [DIE WOCHE] But it was a very exciting period. 
  [Herzog] Yes and no. For some professors and also students, 
it was partly a cowboys-and-Indians game left over from one's 
youth. What the people of 1968 wanted, those who were not 
Marxist apparatchiks, was the same as what we wanted. But that 
did not make a real impression on me. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Willy Brandt was foreign minister at that time, 
then he became chancellor. It is said that one of his great 
achievements was to have integrated a large part of these unruly 
young people into the SPD [Social Democratic Party of Germany]. 
How did you see this at that time? 
  [Herzog] I did not really understand it at that time. 
According to my view then, the SPD made too many bows to these 
young people. Today, however, I see things a bit differently. 
I think it was an achievement by Willy Brandt that he 
safeguarded the left end of our political spectrum for many 
years, just as Franz Josef Strauss did on the right. There is a 
gap left by the two 
  [DIE WOCHE] Then you went from Berlin to Speyer. Did you 
come into contact with Helmut Kohl there? You entered the CDU 
[Christian Democratic Union] in 1970. 
  [Herzog] This was done independently of each other. I met 
Kohl in 1972. The issue was the land representation of the 
Rhineland-Palatinate CDU in Bonn. Kohl described the office to 
me, said that he would now probably also enter federal politics, 
and asked me whether I would be interested. 
  [DIE WOCHE] He did not ask you about your basic political 
principles? 
  [Herzog] No. 
  [DIE WOCHE] He did not ask: Mr. Herzog, what are your 
values? 
  [Herzog] No. This was not discussed at all, nor was party 
membership. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Then you were one of Kohl's closest advisers. 
  [Herzog] This is not quite correct. It was a habit that, 
before the Cabinet meetings, a small circle went to the minister 
president's room to discuss a few things there. One cannot call 
this advisory work, but, of course, a lot of things were 
discussed. 
  [DIE WOCHE] You were part of Kohl's inner circle. 
  [Herzog] Yes, one can say that. 
  [DIE WOCHE] During your time in Mainz, did a friendship with 
Kohl develop that went beyond these circles? 
  [Herzog] Yes, there is a certain affinity. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Is belief important for you? Do you pray? 
  [Herzog] Basically to thank God. 
  [DIE WOCHE] In church? 
  [Herzog] At home. I do not attend church regularly. Often, 
the sermons are too political. 
  [DIE WOCHE] How does Mr. Herzog live as a private person? 
  [Herzog] The problem is that life is shrinking more and 
more. 
For the time being, I can only talk about my life so far, I 
cannot yet see what the new life as president will be like. For 
me it is a joy when I am at home on the weekend and can do my 
work in peace and quiet. Working four or five hours per day 
without having the telephone ring, that is it. And I like to 
smoke cigarillos while doing my work. I no longer have a good 
wine cellar since I moved from Heidelberg to Bonn. But today I 
practically do not drink any alcohol anymore, because of the 
calories. 
  [DIE WOCHE] To what extent were you able to get involved in 
your son's education? 
  [Herzog] My children were basically brought up by their 
mother. But I have never been shielded against any problem, but 
I sometimes said: Hey, that is impossible. For instance, I 
always said that my children can get only a limited amount of 
pocket money, but they have the opportunity to earn money in 
addition. Or I am very much willing to participate in buying a 
car, but I will not give one penny for a motorcycle. 
  [DIE WOCHE] What are your sons doing by way of profession? 
  [Herzog] The elder one is a physicist. I advised them 
against a legal career, because it is bad when the father has 
made a name for himself in this field. Then the sons are always 
under the double pressure of competition. The elder one thus is 
a physicist, he holds a doctorate in this field, but then he 
became a patent lawyer. Our younger son is an electrical 
engineer, who is just now doing his doctoral theses at the 
Munich Technical University and is an assistant there. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Are the two politically active? 
  [Herzog] They have their clear opinions, but they have not 
yet joined a party. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Where would you like to put personal emphasis in 
your new office? Are you concerned with the concept of 
nationalism, which has been strongly put in the foreground again 
by the conservative side? 
  [Herzog] I do not believe that nationalismg or even national 
pride -- I look upon this term with the utmost caution -- can 
really be a motive for our people. However, we do need a 
feeling of belonging together, which, for instance, makes a west 
German agree to sacrifices for the reconstruction in the new 
laender. However, I do not believe that belonging to a German 
or any other nation can still provide additional motivation 
today. This is not a real element of integration. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Is there a specifically German national 
responsibility? 
  [Herzog] In this context too, I would not use the word 
national. There are, of course obligations; ones that stem from 
our geopolitical location above all. Being in the middle of the 
European continent, with borders on all sides, we are in a 
different position from the English. In addition, there is the 
responsibility that stems from our past, and that is something 
that we will not be able to avoid for a long time to come. In 
the end, I think there is a responsibility that stems from our 
prosperity. Whoever is as rich as we are -- despite all the 
difficulties -- has a special responsibility toward those who 
are not faring so well in the world. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Have you been concerned about the future of 
democracy in Germany lately? 
  [Herzog] No, I have been more inclined to feel concern about 
the form that it has assumed at the present time. That is 
connected with the fact that since 1989 there have been too many 
decisive historical developments, too many in relation to what 
the people and politicians can deal with. Germany must now come 
up with a new definition of its role among powerful countries, 
and that also applies to the United Nations. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Should the Germans occupy a seat on the Security 
Council and should they have the right of veto? 
  [Herzog] One should not create a fourth category in addition 
to those countries that do not have a seat on the UN Security 
Council, those that occasionally have a seat on the Security 
Council, and those that are permanent members of the Security 
Council and have the right of veto, that is, a fourth category 
composed of countries that have a permanent seat, but no right 
of veto. Of course, there has to be more discussion on this 
subject. However, I do not think that we should force this issue. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Since unification, it is being repeatedly said 
that the postwar period and Germany's special role are over, we 
have become a normal state that should not have a guilty 
conscience and does not need to address its past any more. Do 
you share that view? 
  [Herzog] In dealing with the issue of overcoming the 
Nationalist Socialist past, I have never placed the main 
emphasis on ascribing guilt, but on learning for the future. 
What that means to me is that in our case it is simply more 
necessary to develop defense mechanisms against all forms of 
totalitarianism. We must be ready to draw appropriate 
conclusions from the horrors of the extermination of the Jews 
and of other minorities. The idea that the postwar period is 
over is something that I find completely unacceptable. 
  [DIE WOCHE] There is a debate in progress in Germany about a 
new right-wing. One can already see that an intellectual new 
right wing is developing to the right of traditional 
conservatism. 
  [Herzog] If one studies the ideology of National Socialism, 
then one finds that apart from such inhuman and absurdly idiotic 
ideas as anti-Semitism, race theory, and the leadership 
principle, there was nothing else to that ideology. That is why 
I cannot imagine a neo-National Socialist theory thriving in 
Germany. I am much more concerned about crypto-Nazis, the older 
generation that has learned nothing and has once again found a 
positive response and followers prepared to copy it among the 
younger generation. 
  [DIE WOCHE] How should one deal with them? 
  [Herzog] They should be confronted directly. That is a 
matter for the police and the judicial authorities first of all. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Does that also mean a ban on parties and 
groupings? 
  [Herzog] If the circumstances are such that one can be sure 
that a court case will be won, then yes. In so far as there are 
intellectual elements in this movement -- and I am very 
skeptical about that -- then one must argue with them. 
  [DIE WOCHE] Your powers as federal president are limited to 
the spoken and written word. Is that enough for such an office? 
  [Herzog] That is what I find attractive about the whole 
thing. I did not seek this office to start by demanding 
additional powers. The powers that exist must be exercised in 
the way that was the case until now, although I hope that the 
instances in which the president really has to set a course, 
namely, when there is no majority capable of forming a 
government in parliament, will not occur. That is something 
that even a professor of constitutional law would not want. 
  [DIE WOCHE] If you are serious about your slogan of "truth 
and clarity," you would have to be continually in conflict with 
the Federal Government, irrespective of its composition. 
  [Herzog] I do not think so. 
  [DIE WOCHE] But that would be the case sometimes. 
  [Herzog] That's life. It is probably something that cannot 
be avoided. 
  [DIE WOCHE] You live in accordance with the principle of 
hope. 
  [Herzog] That is indeed the case. 

