Conservation 
<H4>    Regional Anti-Erosion Measures </H4>

<F P=102> 944K0949C Moscow ZEMLYA I LYUDI in Russian No 10, 11 Mar 94 
p 3 </F>

<F P=103> 944K0949C </F>
<F P=104>  Moscow ZEMLYA I LYUDI </F>
<F P=105>  Russian </F>
CSO 

<F P=106> [Article: "Facts and Figures"] </F>
  [Text] Despite the lack of money and the serious economic 
difficulties experienced by the agrarian sector, farmers in many 
regions engage in afforestation. True, the rates cannot be 
called shock rates. Nevertheless, the attitude toward protective 
plantings seems quite definite. 
  For example, in the Volga Area and in other regions, where 
gullies cause a great deal of trouble to plowmen, much effort is 
made in the fight against this evil. Thus, in Saratov Oblast on 
gullied land last year trees and shrubs were planted on an area 
of 3,200 hectares, in Orenburg Oblast, 2,750 hectares, and in 
Stavropol Kray, almost 884 hectares. In all, last year 
anti-erosion forest plantings appeared on an area of more than 
11,000 hectares. 
  Under the cover of protective belts pastures and hayfields 
grow better and last longer. Knowing this simple life truth, 
agricultural workers pay attention to the provision of green 
belts on these types of agricultural areas as well. For example, 
in Kalmykia and Astrakhan Oblast, where the destructive effect 
of dry winds is manifested especially, in 1993 on pastures and 
hayfields forest belts were planted on an area of 17,100 and 
9,300 hectares respectively. In Stavropol and Dagestan the scale 
of such operations is much more modest--1,240 and 1,300 
hectares. Nevertheless, it is good that in our difficult times 
people engage in this. 
  Areas of field protective plantings are expanding, although 
slowly. Last year more than 1,000 hectares of new forest belts 
were established in Rostov Oblast, 920 in Voronezh Oblast, 990 
in Orenburg Oblast, 800 in Saratov Oblast, and 600 in Kalmykia. 
In all, soil protective plantings were placed on an area of 
29,000 hectares. In 1993 the total area of forest belts on 
hayfields and pastures increased by 38,000 hectares. 

