BFN 

  [Text] Lima, 3 Apr (EFE) -- The Lima daily EXPRESO stated 
today that the U.S. State Department's support of a 
controversial report on the status of justice in Peru is 
political aggression by the latter country. The daily, which is 
believed to be pro-government, stated that "aside from the good 
or bad intentions" the U.S. Government may have, it has "clearly 
politically damaged" Peru by supporting the report, which 
harshly criticizes Peruvian justice. 
  The report, prepared by a group of legal experts presided 
over by Robert Goldman from the United States, states that the 
judicial reform the Peruvian Government has launched "severely 
undermined and, in some cases, eliminated judicial independence 
in Peru." The report also "suggested" that the Peruvian 
Government should annul the law that allows judges who try 
alleged terrorists to remain anonymous and substantially amend 
antiterrorist laws. 
  EXPRESO stated this evaluation of the situation "is 
unrealistic" because Peru is implementing an "in-depth reform of 
the judiciary that ranges from the appointment of honorable and 
knowledgeable justices by the Discipline Board for Magistrates, 
which has general approval, to the establishment of a managerial 
and modern approach to the institution and enactment of modern 
codes of procedure." 

