BFN 

  [Text] The Khmer Journalist Association (KJA) suspects that 
the death of Thu Chhammongkol, editor of ANTARAKUM newspaper, 
was accidental. [as published] 
  Pin Samkhon, KJA president, told THE CAMBODIA TIMES that the 
life of journalism is being threatened, but he did not unfold 
the source of elements that inflicted the accident on the late 
editor. 
  Mongkol was found unconscious on a city street beside his 
motorbike two weeks ago and was later rushed to a hospital where 
he died the following day. Medical reports said there was a 
single blow on the back of his head. 
  ANTARAKUM or "Intervention" has published stories regarding 
scandals between common people and corrupted elements in the 
government and articles concerning conflicts among journalistic 
organisations. 
  For instance, it intervened in the conflict between the 
newspapers MORNING NEWS and KAOH SANTEPHEAP till the two 
newspapers stopped criticising and denouncing each other. 
  ANTARAKUM seldom covers critical stories against government 
officials. Nevertheless, the newspaper's office once 
experienced handbomb attacks which caused injuries to some of 
its staff. 
  Minister of Information, Ieng Muli, told an editorial 
meeting 
recently that the latest results of investigation into the 
incident revealed the editor's death was caused by a traffic 
accident. 
  However, the minister was still suspicious of the move 
behind 
the accident. 
  Pin Samkhon said Sin Sen, Under-Secretary of State for 
National Security affirmed that he would try to find out the 
truth. 
  "Whenever, all information and results of investigation are 
collected, I will invite all journalists to a news conference 
and by then, you will know what happened to the late editor, 
said Sin Sen, who was well-known in the time of the State of 
Cambodia for his leadership in intelligence service. 

