Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Early News" newscast] </F>
  [Text] A spokeswoman for the nongovernmental Salvadoran 
Human Rights Commission [CDHES] has said that organization 
shares the views on human rights in El Salvador expressed in the 
report presented by UN human rights expert Pedro Nikkem. [Name 
indistinct], a CDHES board member said the report on human 
rights in El Salvador presented by an international expert this 
week in Geneva was objective. In the report, Nikkem notes a 
notable increase in the number of murders in 1993. 
  [Begin unidentified spokeswoman recording] The report 
discloses the latest information on human rights violations. We 
share Mr. Pedro Nikkem's views and think it is regrettable that 
he was unable to enter the country to confirm or verify human 
rights violations. In spite of that fact, we believe his report 
presents the facts objectively, and we totally agree with him. 
  The CDHES does not believe his report is any less valid 
because he was unable to enter our country. If you examine the 
report you will see that the points Nikkem discussed are based 
on fact. He discussed issues such as the latest illegal 
executions, the [word indistinct] process, and the government's 
failure to fulfill its land distribution agreement. He also 
discussed at length the structural deficiencies of the legal 
system and the new group created to investigate the death squads. 
  Regarding the human rights situation, he said the peace 
process has been weakened and has suffered a reversal. We agree 
with him because of the latest incidents in the country, 
particularly in mid-1993. [end recording] 
  The CDHES board of directors believes it is necessary to 
redouble efforts to end the delays mentioned by Nikkem, 
especially the (?crimes) perpetrated by the death squads, so the 
peace process will not be reversed. 
  Meanwhile, the spokeswoman announced the group investigating 
the death squads will soon hold a meeting with the CDHES to 
apprise it of the group's work. 

