BFN 

  [Text] Hanoi VNA April 7 -- Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet and 
Prime Minister Carl Bildt held talks here this afternoon. 
Speaking at the talks, Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet informed Mr. 
Bildt of the achievements recorded by the Vietnamese people in 
their current renovation process. Vietnam, he said, is always 
for the development of the friendly and cooperative relations 
with all countries including Sweden. He highly appreciated the 
Swedish Government and people's great, effective support and 
assistance to Vietnam in its struggle for national independence 
in the past as well as in the renovation process at present. He 
also spoke highly of the Swedish Government's continuation of 
aid to Vietnam. He expressed Vietnam's desire to strengthen and 
broaden its cooperation programmes with Sweden in forestry, 
healthcare, energy and other fields which had been implemented 
for many years. He said he wished that Sweden would continue 
the programme to support Vietnam's economic renovation through 
various projects on laws, financial, banking, economic 
management, personnel training and scientific-technical 
cooperation. Vietnam, P.M. Kiet added, is ready to, together 
with Sweden, broaden its cooperation in telecommunication, 
electronics, transport, infrastructure construction, environment 
protection and other fields on the basis of mutual benefits. 
For his part, P.M. Carl Bildt welcomed the achievements 
recorded by the Vietnamese people in the current renovation 
process. He reaffirmed that the Swedish Government would 
continue its aid to Vietnam in order to accelerate the 
renovation process and broaden its cooperation with Vietnam in 
trade, industry, forestry, science and technology concern. 
[sentence as received] 
  This afternoon, P.M. Bildt called on the Vietnamese Ministry 
for Foreign Affairs and exchanged views with Foreign Minister 
Nguyen Manh Cam on some security and cooperation issues in the 
region. 

