BFN 

  [Text] Salah al-Din, Iraq, June 12 (AFP) -- Turkey has 
started closing its border to Iraq to Turkish Kurds to prevent 
them from fleeing to Iraqi Kurdistan, a UNHCR official said here 
Saturday [10 June]. 
  "People from Turkey have told us that the Turkish army has 
begun cordoning off the border region to stop a new exodus," 
Ayman Ghrabyah, a Jordanian official of the High Commissioner of 
Refugees in Iraqi Kurdistan, told AFP. 
  Thousands of Turkish Kurds have fled fighting in southeast 
Turkey between government forces and the separatist Kurdistan 
Workers' Party (PKK) over the past months to settle in northern 
Iraq. 
  Ghrabyah said the daily number of refugees from Turkey had 
recently diminished but described the trend as "not very 
significant." 
  "Eight people were killed Friday when Turkish artillery 
shelled a group of refugees about to cross the border," 
according to the Democratic Party of Kurdistan which is in 
control of northern Iraq. 
  The attack was seen as another bid by Turkish authorities to 
stop would-be refugees. 
  The UNHCR official did not confirm the report. 
  Turkish officials accused the PKK last month of 
masterminding 
the exodus of thousands of Kurdish civilians from Turkey to 
northern Iraq to make "the international public believe that 
Kurds were fleeing Turkish oppression." 
  On Tuesday, the Turkish government approved a four-month 
extension effective July 19 to the state of emergency introduced 
in southeastern and eastern Turkey in July 1987. 
  These regions are the principle fighting grounds of Kurdish 
rebels in a conflict with the Turkish authorities that has left 
more than 12,900 dead in the past 10 years. 

