BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, April 22 (KCNA) -- Yalsin Buyukdagli, 
general secretary of the Workers' Party of Turkey, told KCNA 
that he was firmly convinced that the heroic Korean people would 
as ever defend socialism to the end by frustrating moves of the 
reactionary forces including the U.S. imperialists at every step. 
  He said that while touring various places in Pyongyang, he 
deeply felt the noble personality of the great leader Comrade 
Kim Il-song and the dear leader Comrade Kim Chong-il who have 
been devoting their all for the happiness and welfare of the 
people, always finding themselves among the people. 
  Wonderful, indeed, are the perfect natural environment, 
always clean streets and rational traffic conditions of 
Pyongyang and admirable employment conditions for all, he said. 
  Saying the struggle of the Korean people who are resolutely 
safeguarding socialism and fighting in defence of justice enjoys 
unquestioned support of the progressive people of the world, 
whereas the U.S. imperialists' ambition for world domination is 
faced with opposition and rejection by the broad public, he 
stressed that the downfall of imperialism is inevitable. 
  The Korean people who are waging a resolute anti-imperialist 
struggle under the wise leadership of Comrade Kim Il-song and 
Comrade Kim Chong-il will thoroughly smash the U.S. pressure and 
provocation moves, and no one can bring to their knees the 
Korean people who have risen up with a death-defying 
determination, he said. 

