BFN 

  [Text] Politicians and trade union leaders on 31 May 
criticized the government's position in the Tierra del Fuego 
Province conflict. About 300 people, called by leftist parties, 
marched on 31 May in repudiation of police repression. UCR 
[Radical Civic Union] leader Juan Manuel Casella asked for no 
intervention in the province "like it was done in Santiago del 
Estero and Jujuy Provinces, sending border policemen to carry 
out a repressive mission to please [Economy] Minister Cavallo." 
  Casella supported Rio Grande Mayor Jorge Colazo "in his 
position of solidarity with the workers." Casella said the 
government demonstrated "its idea of quenching dissent and 
expressions of rejection of its economic policies. [no closing 
quotation marks as published] Grand Front Deputy Graciela 
Fernandez Meijide also criticized President Carlos Menem. She 
noted that it is "not possible" to attribute all the conflicts 
in the country's interior "to alleged activists." Fernandez 
Meijide asked the government to have "a bit of common sense" to 
admit that the conflicts in Santiago del Estero Province, Jujuy 
Province, and southern Argentina "have been prompted by 
something more significant than the presence of agitators." 
  UCR Deputy Enrique Mathov, who has been visiting Ushuaia 
since 28 May, asked the federal government "to implement all the 
mechanisms available to it to prevent the conflict from 
escalating." 

