Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by T.L. Azhikina, V.K. Potapov, S.V. Veselovskaya, </F>
V.A. Myasnikov, Ye.D. Sverdlov, Bioorganic Chemistry Institute 
imeni M.M. Shemyakin at Russia's Academy of Science, Moscow; UDC 
517.21.541.69] 
  [Abstract] One of the principal problems hindering further 
improvement of primary DNA structure identification methods--the 
development of ordered sequencing strategies for a planned DNA 
fragment study--is discussed, and it is suggested that the 
problem can be resolved by synthesizing a collection of primers 
of all possible sequences and after obtaining all necessary data 
on the sequence, selecting the primer for the subsequent step 
from the primer. Yet the inordinate size of such a collection 
prompted F.W. Studier to use a combination of shorter 
oligonucleotide components in place of one long primer. Stacking 
interaction of the terminal links of the adjacent short 
nucleotides leads to an elevated stability of the resulting 
duplexes. A set of three pentanucleotides makes it possible to 
set up a primer bank containing only 1,024 pentanucleotides, 
thus lowering the sequencing cost and simplifying the procedure. 
The use of modified oligonucleotides with an increased affinity 
for complementary sequences greatly enhances the planned 
sequencing potential; today, it is possible to substitute 
primers containing adenine and cytosine with stronger binding 
analogues. Figures 2; tables 1; references 2: 1 Russian, 1 
Western. 


