Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Bratislava Jan 5 (CTK) -- Slovakia considers 
neither the Czechoslovak Airlines (CSA) issue nor the merchant 
navy issue to be settled, as far as the division of the property 
of the former Czechoslovak Ministry of Transport and 
Telecommunications is concerned, Slovak Minister of Transport 
and Telecommunications Roman Hofbauer said today. 
  He told CTK that through international arbitration Slovakia 
will try to achieve the abolition of the trade names 
Ceskoslovenske aerolinie (CSA), Ceskoslovenska namorni doprava 
(Czechoslovak Merchant Navy) and Ceskoslovenska autobusova 
doprava (Czechoslovak Bus Transport). 
  "The names of these organisations are connected with a 
non-existent state," said Hofbauer and added that the Czech side 
had been notified of Slovakia's intentions, but had not reacted 
to them. 
  The Slovak Ministry of Transport and Telecommunications last 
year managed to successfully ensure the devolution of all powers 
from the Federation to the new state, and supported the founding 
of many new institutions non-existent in Slovakia under the 
Federation, Hofbauer said at a press conference. 
  He described as very important Slovakia's joining of 20 
international organisations, 13 of them governmental and seven 
non-governmental. 
  According to Hofbauer, foreign financial institutions are 
interested in investments in transport and telecommunications in 
Slovakia. The World Bank is interested in modernising railroad 
transport, while the European Investment Bank is interested in 
modernising aviation and airports, he said. 

