Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Cosmonauts Vassiliy Tsibliyev and Aleksandr Serebrov 
did not express any doubt about the operability of the Russian 
orbital station Mir upon their return to the Earth. At the 
press-conference devoted to the results of the work at the 
station within the 14th main expedition they confirmed that the 
station maintains the normal operative conditions after a minor 
collision with the shell of the Soyuz TM-17 landing vehicle 
which happened last week. 
  "The information on what has happened will be analyzed by a 
special technical commission which will make the necessary 
conclusions about the possible consequences of the collision," 
the flight engineer of the expedition A. Serebrov told the 
journalists. 
  Assessing the general possibility of further fulfillment of 
complex experiments on board the station both cosmonauts said 
that "such an opportunity exists, including for the launching 
into orbit of the first functional blocks of the future station 
created in the framework of the Alpha project of international 
cooperation." In the view of A. Serebrov the only condition of 
the normal operation of the station is the "timely performance 
of prophylactics so that the resource of the equipment is always 
within the technical requirements." 

