Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Quito, 7 Mar (EFE) -- On behalf of the Armed Forces, 
Ecuadoran Defense Minister General Jose Gallardo said today that 
"smoke does not mean there is a fire," referring to rumors that 
a coup d'etat is being prepared against the government of 
President Sixto Duran-Ballen. 
  "In this case, the smoke does not mean there is a fire. Not 
at all. There is no justification for a coup d'etat in Ecuador 
because the country needs to live in democracy to be able to 
build its future," declared the general at a local television 
station. 
  Gallardo added: "The Armed Forces are quite conscious of the 
respect they owe to the people's will; they are loyal and aware 
that such an action would prompt international isolation and 
internal problems. Thus, I believe we should never again talk 
about coups d'etat in Ecuador." 
  Recently, Duran-Ballen on several occasions has had to deny 
such a possibility, as well as deny his resignation in favor of 
Vice President Alberto Dahik. 
  The defense minister referred to U.S. Ambassador Peter 
Romero's recent statements recommending that Ecuador forget its 
territorial demands from neighboring Peru. The Peruvian and 
Ecuadoran Armed Forces have clashed twice in the past 50 years. 
"All I can say is that Ecuadoran sovereignty issues, especially 
those that are so painful to Ecuadoreans, such as territorial 
problems, only concern Ecuadoreans. The Ecuadoran Armed Forces 
are capable of guaranteeing the defense of the country; they 
have a vocation for peace, but also our people's great dignity," 
he declared. 

