CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by D. B. Demyanenko, A. S. Dudyrev, V. V. Yefanov, </F>
A. A. Moisheyev and V. S. Panyshin; UDC 523.64] 
  [Abstract] The concept of small autonomous (self-contained) 
space vehicles is outlined. They are intended for performing 
research and other functions after separation from a mother 
spacecraft. They would be useful for delivering instruments to a 
planetary surface from a fly-by craft or into open space, 
placement of communication satellites in a stipulated region, 
creation of artificial formations of the sodium cloud type, and 
other purposes. The principal requirements imposed on them, the 
parameters and most probable ways to construct such vehicles are 
examined. Their linkage with, separation from and interaction 
with the mother craft are discussed. One of the main problems, 
considering the very limited size and mass of these small 
vehicles, is an electric current source of a different type than 
usually employed. Pyrotechnic sources, having a great number of 
advantages, are proposed as a solution which is both realistic 
and efficient. A block diagram of such a vehicle supplied with 
pyrotechnic launch and control systems is given in which all 
operations are performed without external sources of electric 
energy. A list of pertinent newly developed functional groups of 
pyrotechnic devices (triggering, relaying, programming, 
generating, signal conversion and actuating systems) is given. 
As an example, a diagram and technical specifications are given 
for a pyrotechnic generator which can be used on such autonomous 
vehicles. The NPO Lavochkin has developed designs for a small 
vehicle in which these principles are incorporated. Figures 3; 
references 7: 5 Russian, 2 Western. 

