BFN 

  [Text] Caracas, 6 Apr EFE -- The Venezuelan Government 
today denied that this country is a drug producer and said that, 
on the contrary, it is a role model for cooperation in the 
struggle against these illegal substances. 
  The Venezuelan Government, through a Foreign Ministry note, 
termed "distorted" recent publications identifying Venezuela as 
being among the countries with the most drug trafficking. 
  The Foreign Ministry note refers to the "Annual Report on 
the 
Strategy for the Control of Drugs at the International Level," 
presented by the U.S. State Department to the U.S. Congress. 
  The Foreign Ministry explains that according to this report, 
"Venezuela is not a narcotics producing nation but a transit 
point for drugs going from Colombia to the United States and 
Europe." 
  The Foreign Ministry further states that "Venezuela is among 
those nations that have given exemplary cooperation in the 
struggle against drugs," recalling a long list of international 
agreements signed toward that goal. 
  The Foreign Ministry cited "as an example of the permanent 
struggle against this scourge" the confiscation of 3,405 kg of 
various drugs in 1993 by Venezuelan police. 
  The official document notes that Venezuela "suffers the 
consequences of the illegal trafficking of narcotics and 
psychotropic substances, particularly of money laundering, a 
corollary of drug trafficking." It requests the cooperation of 
the U.S. Government as "it is time to face this problem 
together." 

