BFN 

  [Text] Lieutenant General 'Umar Hasan Ahmad al-Bashir, the 
president of the Republic, has hailed the Juba declaration 
issued by the forces of peace, who are currently meeting in 
Juba. He said the meeting was historic for Sudan in general and 
for the south in particular. The meeting had made positive 
progress on the path toward peace and national unity. He said 
this during his regular meeting today with media leaders at the 
secretariat general of the Council of Ministers. 
  Referring to the Nairobi peace talks, which began today 
under 
the auspices of the IGADD [Intergovernmental Authority on 
Drought and Development] states, his excellency the president 
said the talks were opening despite attempts to abort them by 
the rebels. He said the rebellion had hoped to abort the talks, 
in order to encourage foreign intervention in support of its 
position. Lt. Gen. 'Umar al- Bashir said he hoped the signing 
of the relief agreement between the government and the rebels 
yesterday would pave the way for relief to pour in to rescue 
those in need in the south. 
  During his meeting with the media leaders, the president of 
the Republic also reiterated Sudan's firm stance on the 
situation in Yemen. He said Sudan supported Yemen's unity and 
was wholly opposed to those undermining stability and unity in 
fraternal Yemen. The leader of the revolution appealed to the 
two conflicting sides in Yemen to resort to dialogue as a way of 
solving the dispute and overcoming the current situation. He 
said that Sudan would not intervene in the Yemeni conflict, and 
that it did not favor either party over the other. What 
concerned Sudan was the resolution of the conflict between 
brothers, who should seek a solution through Yemeni 
constitutional institutions to resolve the current situation. 

