BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Klaas Skosana] </F>
  [Text] The Pretoria-Witwatersrand-Vereeniging (PWV) 
provincial government has slapped a ban on information that 
could lead to the identification of sites selected for housing 
development because it fears invasion by squatters. According 
to PWV housing and local government MEC [member of the Executive 
Council] Daniel Mofokeng, nine suitable tracts of land 
throughout the PWV area, where show houses will be built within 
weeks, have been identified. 
  But he said the location of the land cannot be made public 
for fear that squatters would invade the sites. 
  The secrecy around the location of sites follows large scale 
invasion of vacant plots of land in the PWV area in recent 
weeks. Demolition of shacks erected by 850 squatters in Devland 
and Liefde and Vrede south of Johannesburg in the past weeks 
brought PWV's premier Tokyo Sexwale into a sharp confrontation 
with the Johannesburg City Council. 
  Sites identified for relocation of squatters evicted from 
the 
Liefde and Vrede informal settlements has also been identified, 
said Mofokeng, but even this will have to be kept a secret. 
  Mofokeng told NEW NATION: "The problem is huge and serious. 
If full details of the plan are made public before actual 
construction started, the following day one may find the place 
full of squatters and delivery of proper formal housing will be 
hindered." Minister of Housing Joe Slovo earlier this month 
warned that land invasion would create additional problems for 
the authorities who were working hard to deliver housing to the 
homeless. 
  But squatters claim that, by occupying vacant land, they 
were 
helping government identify sites which could be used for 
housing development. 

