CSO 

<F P=106> [ECO-PRESS report: "German-Russian Memorandum"] </F>
  [Text] The ministers of environmental protection of Russia 
and Germany--V.I. Danilov-Danilyan and K. Toepfer--signed in 
Bonn an agreement on cooperation in the collection, transfer, 
analysis, and evaluation of radiological data, and the creation 
in the Russian Federation of an integrated measuring-information 
system (IRIS). The two countries have been cooperating in this 
area since 1993, and this agreement provides a legal base and 
defines more precisely the parties' obligations, tasks, and 
functions. 
  The IRIS is intended for monitoring facilities that present 
a 
radioactive danger; a system of sensors measuring radiation 
level is set up on the territory adjacent to the facility (for 
an AES [nuclear power station]--within a radius of 30 km). The 
information they supply is transmitted via satellite to the 
Federal Radiological Control Center. The project is currently 
being implemented at the Smolensk AES, and then be extended to 
include the Kursk and Leningrad (Sosnovyy Bor) stations. 
  By this agreement, Germany installs technical equipment at 
these facilities, delivers standard computer programs and 
develops customized ones. The Russian side provides base and 
background data, sensor installation, and provides custom 
programming and satellite communications. 
  At the signing of the agreement Klaus Toepfer said: "Whether 
we like it or not, nuclear energy will remain a substantial 
source of power supply, especially in resource-poor East 
European countries. Therefore it falls upon Germany within the 
framework of broad-scale technical cooperation to make its 
contribution to these developments and thereby help to achieve 
everywhere the high level of safety that we have achieved in our 
own country." 

