BFN 

<F P=106> [Report on interview with Yuichi Ichikawa, secretary general </F>
of the ruling Komeito, by YOMIURI SHIMBUN on 14 June: place not 
given] 
  [Text] In an interview with YOMIURI SHIMBUN on 14 June, 
Yuichi Ichikawa, secretary general of the ruling Komeito, 
touched on the possibility of the ruling parties forging a 
coalition with the opposition Liberal Democratic Party [LDP] and 
said: "It would be natural for the ruling parties to first call 
on the opposition Social Democratic Party of Japan [SDPJ] to 
return to the ruling coalition. If some LDP members, who agree 
with our handling of major issues, hope to work together with 
the ruling parties, then the ruling parties see no reason to 
dash their hopes." In this way, he indicated that the ruling 
parties will seek a "conservative-conservative coalition" with 
some LDP members who agree with policies of the ruling parties 
in a bid to keep the coalition government stable. 
  Commenting on the strong resistance to the 
conservative-conservative coalition within the ruling parties, 
Ichikawa stated: "If 180 lawmakers affiliated with the ruling 
parties stay united against the LDP, the nucleus of their 
reformist policies would be maintained even if the ruling 
parties forge a coalition with some LDP members. If the 
coalition with some LDP members is taken as a process of 
realigning the established parties, it would be a shortsighted 
view. There is no need to take such a view." 
  The idea is surfacing within the ruling parties of a 
sweeping 
reshuffle of the Hata cabinet instead of its voluntary general 
resignation that SDPJ Secretary General Wataru Kubo has 
demanded. Commenting on the idea, Ichikawa said: "The general 
resignation of the Hata cabinet is an issue that has to be 
resolved in the grand process of realigning the established 
political parties, of making the SDPJ return to the ruling 
coalition, and of rallying a majority of political forces on the 
basis of a policy consensus." 

