Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By Xiao Wang: "Sustained Momentum With UK Is Sought"] </F>
  [Text] China hopes to maintain the momentum of trade it 
has developed with Britain over the past two years, a senior 
Chinese trade official said last week. 
  But Tong Jiemin, deputy director general for European 
affairs 
at the Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Co-operation, 
suggested that Britain's undesired stance over the Hong Kong 
issue could have a crippling effect. 
  "Bilateral economic and trade relations can hardly escape 
damage from an uncooperative and unfriendly Britain," Tong said. 
  "That is what China won't like to see." 
  International analysts have expressed fears that Britain 
could follow the example of France, whose trade with China was 
set back by political skirmishes. 
  Tong declined to make any comment on this speculation. 
  Instead, he stressed that trade between China and Britain 
has 
grown over the past two years. 
  "We welcome large British enterprises, financial groups and 
multi-nationals to come and compete on the Chinese market," he 
said. 
  Tong suggested that British firms consider investing in 
energy, natural resources, infrastructure and other technical- 
and capital- intensive projects. 
  He stressed that Britain has been an important trading 
partner of China, and that each can help meet the other's needs. 
  China mainly buys equipment systems, machinery, metals, 
minerals and petrochemical products from Britain while selling 
mostly textiles and garments, ferrous metals and 
light-industrial appliances. 
  Chinese customs figures show that Sino-British trade in the 
first 11 months of 1993 reached $3 billion, up 85.6 percent over 
the corresponding period in 1992. 
  In that time, China's exports grew by 109 percent to $1.63 
billion, while imports increased 63.7 percent to $1.37 billion. 

