Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Mexico City, 3 Feb (NOTIMEX) -- Mexican Foreign 
Secretary Manuel Tello stressed today the points of agreement on 
foreign policy that exist between Mexico and Cuba, on the 
occasion decorating Cuban Ambassador Jose Fernandez de Cossio 
with the Order of the Aztec Eagle. 
  The Mexican foreign secretary said that the struggle in 
defense of international law, respect for the principles of 
self-determination and sovereignty, and juridic equality between 
states are of singular value for Mexico and Cuba. The diplomat 
hosted a farewell dinner and decorated the Cuban ambassador to 
Mexico with the Order of the Aztec Eagle. For Mexicans and 
Cubans, the teachings of poet Jose Marti are equally important 
in stressing that "liberty has a high cost and it is necessary 
to renounce living without it or buying it at its cost," he 
stated. [sentence as received] 
  Speaking to the diplomatic corps accredited to Mexico and in 
the presence of Maria de los Angeles Moreno, president of the 
Great Commission of the Chamber of Deputies, Tello said that the 
two countries have an irrevocable sense of defense and 
preservation of liberty. 
  Recognizing the work of Fernandez de Cossio during his 10 
years at the head of the Cuban mission in Mexico, the foreign 
minister noted that his professionalism contributed to 
strengthening dialogue and cooperation between the two 
countries. Tello noted that in the past years bilateral 
relations grew and were strengthened, while commercial and 
economic ties and cooperation programs in science, culture, 
technology, and education experienced important development. 
The Mexican foreign secretary stressed the diplomat's merits 
that earned him the Order of the Aztec Eagle, which since 1935 
is given to friends of Mexico. 

