Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, Feb. 4 KYODO -- Amnesty International on 
Friday [4 February] urged a Japanese Government economic survey 
mission to discuss human rights infringements in Indonesia when 
it visits Jakarta from Sunday. 
  In a petition handed to Foreign Ministry officials and 
addressed to Nobuo Matsunaga, who will head the 20-member 
mission, the Japan branch of Amnesty urged Matsunaga to raise 
the issue of human rights abuses in East Timor, Irian Jaya and 
the North Sumatran state of Aceh. 
  Amnesty said it has monitored repeated cases of rape and 
torture of unarmed civilians in East Timor since the Indonesian 
takeover of the former Portuguese colony in 1975. 
  The petition said human rights abuses are common throughout 
Indonesia and that the Indonesian Government has detained more 
than 180 prisoners of conscience and more than 300 political 
prisoners "as a result of trials which are unfair by 
international standards". 
  Matsunaga is a former Japanese ambassador to Mexico and the 
United States and now serves as a roving ambassador for the 
government and adviser to the Foreign Ministry. 
  In June, 1993, Matsunaga told the United Nations World 
Conference on Human Rights in Vienna that expressing concern 
over human rights violations "should not be regarded as 
interference in internal affairs" and that human rights "should 
never be sacrificed to development." 
  The mission, which will stay in Indonesia until February 13, 
will consist of officials from government ministries and 
agencies including the Foreign Ministry, the Finance Ministry, 
the Ministry of International Trade and Industry and the 
Environment Agency. It will also hold high-level dialogue with 
the Indonesian Government on Japan's basic policy on economic 
cooperation. 
  Japan is the largest donor of ODA to Indonesia. 

