Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Dispatch by special correspondent Ku Pei-tang (7357 1014 </F>
22768): "Nanjing Has Banned the Book `A City in Ruins'] 
  [Text] Nanjing 23 Jan (WEN WEI PO)--According to the local 
press, the 15 districts and counties under Nanjing's 
jurisdiction started to recall the book, "A City in Ruins," 
today, according to a just-issued explicit banning order. 
  The Nanjing City Office for Social and Cultural 
Administration adopted this measure based on a circular which 
was only received yesterday. On 20 January, the Beijing 
Municipal Press and Publications Administration issued a 
circular to the press and publications administrations of all 
provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions, saying that, 
in line with the relevant stipulation of the State Press and 
Publications Administration, "the book 'A City in Ruins' falls 
in the category of publications containing contents that are 
pornographic, vulgar, of low taste, and are harmful to the 
physical and mental health of teenagers." The decision to deal 
with the book "A City in Ruins," published by the Beijing 
Publishing House, is as follows: "The printing and circulation 
of the book `A City in Ruins' must be halted, and its reprinting 
banned. All copies that have already been printed but not yet 
circulated or which are being sold in the book market must be 
totally recalled; all of the Beijing Publishing House's profits 
derived from publishing the book 'A City in Ruins' should be 
confiscated in addition to a fine double that of the profits; 
Beijing Publishing House is ordered to write an examination for 
publishing the book 'A City in Ruins,' and the person 
responsible for the book 'A City in Ruins' will be seriously 
dealt with." 

