BFN 

  [Text] Tirana, June 23 (ATA) -- In Romania, the Albanian 
parliamentary delegation, headed by the speaker of the 
Presidency of the People's Assembly, Pjeter Arbnori, was first 
received by the speaker of the Romanian House of Deputies, 
Adrian Nastase. 
  After describing the latest achievements in Albania, Mr. 
Arbnori said that: "We must closely cooperate with each other 
as countries emerging from the same bitter past and exchange 
experience in resolving problems with less pains." 
  Mr. Nastase said that cooperation should be intensified in 
parliamentary practices so that we adapt ourselves to the 
European standards in this field as soon as possible. Both 
parties devoted special importance to the increase of economic 
relations and trade exchanges between the two countries. 
  Mr. Arbnori and the delegation made up by Rudolf Marku, 
Servet Pellumbi, Ruzhdi Pulaha, and the chief of Press and 
Information of the People's Assembly, Visar Zhiti, also met with 
the minister of culture, Marin Soresku. 
  Mr. Soresku expressed the desire for the development of 
cultural relations between the two countries. 
  In the meantime, the third session of the Parliamentary 
Assembly of the Black Sea States opened in Bucharest on June 21. 
  Albania was represented by its permanent envoy and by Mr. 
Arbnori, as a special guest. 
  Further on proceedings continued with the meeting of the 
Committee of Economy, Technology, Trade, and Environment, which 
concentrated on the extension of trade between the participating 
countries. Deputy Engjell Dakli, member of this commission, 
presented the actual customs structure in Albania and the 
efforts to improve it. He laid the stress on the beginning of 
talks for the banking and transport policies, which was welcome 
by those present. 
  Further on the report on the activity of the permanent 
committee of this assembly was read. 

