Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Gong Junchun (7895 0193 4783): "Liaoning Begins </F>
Implementing Water Permit System Next Year; Xiao Zuofu (5135 
0155 1381) Alerted All People of Liaoning Province To Strengthen 
Sense of Urgency and Responsibility To Preserve Sources of 
Water"] 
  [Text] "Water has become an important factor which 
controls Liaoning's economic development and it is imperative to 
implement across the board a water permit system, to strengthen 
water management and to scientifically develop and utilize 
sources of water," these were remarks made by Liaoning Party 
Committee Standing Committee member and Vice Governor Xiao Zuofu 
at the symposium on the "Practical Implementing Procedures for 
Instituting a Water Permit System" held recently under Liaoning 
Province's sponsorship. 
  Liaoning is among the provinces in north China with the most 
serious water shortage problem, with a per capita water 
availability estimated at one-third of the national level. Not 
only is there a scarcity of water supply sources, there are also 
four unfavorable characteristics: One is the uneven 
distribution in the water table during the year, with 70 to 80 
percent of the water supply concentrated in the months from June 
to September; second, there is considerable imbalance between 
sources of water supply and population distribution and land 
use, with over half of Liaoning's population and farmland 
located in the central part of Liaoning having access to only 38 
percent of the province's water supply; third, there is a lack 
of coordination between regional economic development and the 
sources and quantity of water supply, with the central part of 
Liaoning, the province's economic lifeline, having the most 
serious shortage of water supply; and fourth, there is a lack of 
balance in developing sources of water supply among the various 
rivers and tributaries; in the case of the Liao river (flowing 
through the central part of Liaoning), 67 percent of its water 
sources were developed, but in the Yalu river and the various 
tributaries in Liaodong peninsula, only 5 to 20 percent of water 
sources were developed. In addition, there are widespread 
phenomena of man damaging water sources and wasting water 
supply. Because of excessive drawing of underground water, 
wells are drying up in rather large areas in parts of Shenyang 
and Liaoyang. In such places as Dalian, Yingkou, Jinzhou and 
Jinxi, also because of over-drawing of underground water, an 
increasingly large area is affected by sea water seepage, which 
has created great difficulties in terms of water usage for 
industrial and agricultural production as well as people's 
livelihood. Some specialists are predicting that if any problem 
develops in Liaoning's "second stage of development," it will 
very possibly be over "water." Xiao Zuofu said this is no mere 
alarmist talk but is the fact. The entire body of cadres and 
masses of Liaoning must strengthen their sense of urgency and 
responsibility to preserve and protect the sources of water 
supply. 
  Xiao Zuofu said that the purpose of the government 
implementing a water permit system which will control usage of 
water drawn directly from underground, rivers or lakes is to 
strengthen the macro-controls over water resources in order to 
achieve an optimum balance between water supply and water use 
for national economic development and for meeting the increasing 
need for water in people's daily livelihood, to perfect a 
unified management system of water resources, to promote planned 
and economical usage of water in order to make maximum use of 
the limited water resources. 
  At the symposium, many water conservation specialists and 
major water users submitted constructive views and opinions on 
Liaoning's proposed implementation of a water permit system. At 
present, the Liaoning Water Conservation Bureau and other 
concerned departments are conscientiously working out the 
details for carrying out the "Implementation Procedures for 
Water Permit System" issued by the State Council. Liaoning 
Water Conservation Bureau Vice Director Wang Jiancheng [3769 
1696 2052] told reporters that Liaoning Province will begin to 
implement the water permit system early next year. 

