Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Panama City, 7 Mar (DPA) -- Panamanian opposition 
[presidential] candidate Ernesto Perez Balladares charged today 
that U.S. "ultraconservative" members "entrenched" in the U.S. 
services in this country are attempting, through a plan, to 
prevent him from winning the upcoming 8 May general elections. 
  Ernesto Perez Balladares, Democratic Revolutionary Party 
[PRD] leader, told a group of newsmen that the plan goes from 
slander to injury to possible murder. The PRD and former 
dictator Manuel Antonio Noriega were overthrown from power by 
the U.S. invasion on 20 December. 
  Perez Balladares noted that U.S. officials appointed during 
the administration of former U.S. President George Bush, 
apparently are not resigned to the PRD returning to power. He 
added that the U.S. plan has been coordinated with supporters of 
the conservative and neoliberal candidate, former Comptroller 
Ruben Dario Carles, who supported the U.S. military action 
against Panama. 
  Ernesto Perez Balladares currently leads by a significant 
margin in all presidential polls published, followed by former 
Comptroller Carles. The opposition candidate said he has 
strengthened his personal security and will be very careful in 
his political tours because "I don't want to die at the age of 
47," he said. 

