Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, 2 Mar (XINHUA) -- Xiamen City, in which 
one of China's first special economic zones [SEZ's] was set up, 
is expected to be empowered with greater legislative rights by 
the National People's Congress [NPC]. 
  In a draft document submitted to the Sixth Session of the 
Eighth NPC Standing Committee for examination and deliberation 
today, it was suggested that the NPC empower the Xiamen City 
People's Congress, its standing committee, and the Xiamen City 
People's Government to respectively formulate laws, regulations, 
and rules to be enforced in the Xiamen SEZ. 
  It was learned that a group of 32 NPC deputies, including 
Cheng Xu, and another group of 36 NPC deputies, including Yuan 
Qitong -- both groups were from Fujian -- had submitted motions 
to the Second Session of the Seventh NPC in 1989 and the First 
Session of the Eighth NPC in 1993, respectively, demanding that 
the NPC or its standing committee empower the Xiamen City 
People's Congress, its standing committee, and the Xiamen City 
People's Government to respectively formulate laws, regulations, 
and rules that will be enforced in the Xiamen SEZ. With the 
approval of the 10th Session of the Seventh NPC Standing 
Committee in October 1989 and the Fifth Session of the Eighth 
NPC Standing Committee in December 1993, respectively, the two 
motions have been placed on the agenda of the NPC Standing 
Committee's session. 
  The NPC Law Committee has drafted a decision and explanation 
concerning the authorization of power. Members to the Law 
Committee maintained: The Xiamen SEZ is one of China's earliest 
SEZ's. As China opens wider to the outside world, and 
particularly as the two sides of the Taiwan Straits increase 
their contacts, the Xiamen SEZ has become an important window in 
developing economic and trade relations with Taiwan and foreign 
countries. In its explanation, the NPC Law Committee noted: In 
consideration of the needs for Xiamen SEZ's development, we 
propose that the NPC Standing Committee make a decision 
requesting the Second Session of the NPC to examine, deliberate, 
and decide on the issue on empowering the Xiamen City People's 
Congress and its standing committee to formulate laws and 
regulations in accordance with the specific situation and actual 
needs of the SEZ and in compliance with the basic principles as 
stipulated in the constitution, laws, and administrative rules; 
enact them in the Xiamen SEZ; and report them to the NPC 
Standing Committee, the State Council, and the Fujian Provincial 
People's Congress Standing Committee for the record. We also 
propose that the Xiamen City People's Government be empowered to 
formulate rules and organize their enforcement in the Xiamen SEZ. 

