BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by political correspondent Aluf Ben] </F>
  [Excerpts] Israel will demand that the understandings 
achieved with Syria in July 1993 as a result of Operation 
Accountability be expanded in a bid to curb Hizballah activity 
in the security zone and minimize friction between Hizballah and 
other terrorist organizations on one hand and the IDF [Israel 
Defense Forces] and the SLA [South Lebanese Army] on the other. 
Prime Minister Yitzhaq Rabin will ask Secretary of State Warren 
Christopher, who will visit Israel next week, to relay this 
message to Syrian President Hafiz al-Asad. 
  Among other things, Israel will demand that the ban on 
Hizballah katyusha and mortar attacks be expanded to include the 
security zone as well. The Operation Accountability 
understandings refer only to Israeli territory. 
  In contacts with U.S. officials over the past few days, 
senior Israeli officials made it clear that as a result of the 
war of attrition with Hizballah, the SLA is under a strain so 
great that it is in danger of disintegrating -- a thing which 
Israel cannot tolerate. [passage omitted] 
  Reacting to Israeli warnings, senior Lebanese and Syrian 
officials told the U.S. ambassadors in both countries' capitals 
that Hizballah is maintaining the Operation Accountability 
understandings by limiting its attacks to IDF and SLA military 
targets, while Israel and the SLA are breaching the 
understandings by attacking civilians. 
  Israel briefed the United States in detail about last 
weekend's events in south Lebanon. [passage omitted] 

