BFN 

  [Text] The Youth Labor Army [EJT] has more than 100 
integrated military granges because, since October 1993, many of 
its agricultural units have been raised to this higher system of 
production. 
  Colonel Juan Antonio Hernandez, head of the EJT's political 
section, has reported that more than 40 of these granges are 
located in coffee-producing areas, 32 in sugarcane areas, 8 in 
citrus fruit areas, 6 in tobacco-growing areas, and the 
remainder in other miscellaneous crops and reforestation areas. 
  As an example, Col. Hernandez said that 48 percent of the 
total state production of miscellaneous crops in Havana Province 
is done by the EJT which also participates in other agricultural 
plans in all provinces. Its members, now grouped into these 
integrated granges, have played an outstanding role in dealing 
with citrus trees on the Isle of Youth, which is very large, and 
Matanzas; with sugarcane in Ciego de Avila and Camaguey; and 
with tobacco in Pinar del Rio, where EJT's efficient work has 
considerably helped to reduce student mobilizations from the 
capital to western Cuba. 
  In August of 1993, when the EJT celebrated its 30th 
anniversary, Army General Raul Castro said that with the 
integrated granges, the EJT is climbing to a higher level, which 
must turn it into the most efficient group, upon its assuming 
full responsibility over production activity. 

