Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Sofia, January 5 (BTA) -- Significant structural 
transformations in banking will take place in 1994, while the 
National Bank of Bulgaria (BNB) will play a very important, even 
decisive role in the attainment of a crucial agreement: the new 
third standby arrangement with the International Monetary Fund, 
BNB Governor Prof. Todor Vulchev says in an interview in 
OTECHESTVEN VESTNIK. He adds that a comprehensive bank 
privatization strategy is yet to be worked out, but the bank's 
Governing Board has the ambition to consider a draft of a 
privatization programme by mid-January, coordinate it with the 
Bank Consolidation Company and jointly submit it to the 
government. Todor Vulchev thinks two or three major state-run 
banks may be privatized this year. Bank privatization will get 
under way and we want this to be done by mid-1994, the BNB 
governor states. Prof. Vulchev holds the hidden privatization, 
much talked about last year, was actually a succession of 
relatively small and insignificant offenses. The emergence of 
15 private banks is an asset, the BNB governor thinks. 
  On parliament's decision for the BNB to provide $300 million 
in backup to the deal on Bulgaria's debt to private creditors, 
Prof. Vulchev says the money is available. These are Bulgaria's 
foreign exchange assets in various foreign banks. "We can 
declare any time that the 300 million of our assets worth $750 
million have been allocated to the debt deal and no one is 
authorized to touch them. This does not mean, however, that we 
cannot operate with them painlessly," the BNB governor says in 
conclusion. 

