BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Hookup" program] </F>
  [Text] Commenting on a recent public opinion poll which 
pointed out that public sentiment for Taiwan independence was 
increasing, Premier Lien Chan said this is a natural phenomenon 
because the people expressed their dissatisfaction with the 
Chinese communist regime. However, the government should uphold 
its past position with regard to the country's future 
orientation for development, adding that there will be no change 
in the position of the government. The following is a report by 
Wang Chiang-mao: 
  [Begin recording] [Wang] Since the occurrence of the 
massacre on Chientao [Qiandao] Lake in mainland China, there has 
been a marked increased in public support for Taiwan 
independence. In this connection, Premier Lien Chan told 
lawmakers at the Legislative Yuan on 19 April that a public 
opinion poll shows the public is dissatisfied with the Chinese 
communists' handling of the Chientao Lake incident. However, 
the government should uphold its past position and continue to 
work hard for the future of the Republic of China. Premier Lien 
Chan said: 
  [Lien] A public opinion poll conducted recently shows that 
public sentiment for Taiwan independence is increasing. Most 
people expressed their dissatisfaction with the Chinese 
communist regime. Therefore, this phenomenon is natural. The 
people here are dissatisfied with the Chinese Communist regime, 
and especially with its handling of the Chientao Lake incident. 
I, myself, am not satisfied with its handling of the incident. 
However, we are talking about the orientation for the country's 
development. [words indistinct] This is a matter of prime 
importance for the country and nation. [end recording] 

