Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Philip Stephens, political editor: "Major Deepens </F>
Tory Divisions on Europe"] 
  [Text] Mr John Major yesterday disowned all the central 
elements of the manifesto on which the Conservatives' allies in 
the European Parliament will fight its elections in June. 
  Confirming the increasingly Euro-sceptic stance of his 
government in the approach to the polls, he said the 
Conservatives planned a "distinctively British" platform. 
  To the dismay of Conservative MPs on the pro-European wing 
of 
the party, Mr Major agreed with one of his party's leading 
Euro-sceptics that the manifesto of the European Peoples' Party 
[EPP] should be brushed aside. 
  The Conservatives have formal links with the EPP, the 
alliance in Strasbourg which represents most of the Christian 
Democrat parties in the rest of the European Union. The EPP 
finances the offices at Conservative Central Office in London 
run by Tory members of the European Parliament. 
  But in the Commons yesterday Mr William Cash, one of the MPs 
at the forefront of the anti-Maastricht campaign, urged the 
prime minister to disassociate the party "from the EPP's call 
for a single currency, a European central bank, the social 
chapter and a common immigration policy." 
  Mr Major replied that the government was not obliged to 
accept those policies, adding: "Nor will we." 
  His comments, however, brought private warnings from senior 
figures on the centre-left of the party that an anti-Brussels 
stance in the election campaign would risk a new split. 
  One middle-ranking minister said he was "appalled" by the 
tone of some of the government's recent statements. 
  Mr Major attacked Labour for allegedly signing up to the 
"centralising" policy of its socialist partners. 

