BFN 

  [Excerpt] This morning, Mr. Badreddine Senoussi, chairman 
of parliament's foreign affairs and cooperation committee, 
received Mr. Hans van den Broek, European commissioner for 
foreign and security policy and enlargement negotiations, who 
was accompanied by the EU representative in Morocco. 
  During this meeting, the European commissioner stressed the 
importance of this visit, which aims to boost the cooperation 
and partnership between Morocco and the EU. He added that the 
relationship between Morocco and Europe was long-standing but 
that additional efforts must be made to boost this relationship. 
He made reference to exchanges in the field of agricultural 
products between the EU and Morocco. 
  Mr. Hans van den Broek, praised the leading role played by 
Morocco as an element of stability in the Maghreban, Arab, and 
international arenas, both at the political and economic level. 
  At a news conference, which he held this afternoon in Rabat, 
he said that he was happy to have been received by His Majesty 
King Hassan II and described the talks he held with Moroccan 
officials as serious and fruitful. He emphasized the utmost 
importance that the EU accords to establishing a genuine 
partnership with Morocco proceeding from its conviction that 
European stability is linked to the stability of the Arab 
Maghreb region. 
  He said that coincident with his visit to Morocco, the time 
had come for the European bloc to adopt a realistic policy that 
fulfils the aspirations of the Moroccan and European sides, with 
the intention of opening up broad horizons for bolstering 
economic cooperation at all levels. 
  Mr. van den Broek announced in this regard that at the end 
of 
the current month, the European parliament would undertake a 
study of the situation in the Arab Maghreb region. [passage 
omitted] 

