BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, April 20 (KCNA) -- Paek In-chun, chairman 
of the North side headquarters of the National Alliance for the 
Country's Reunification [Pomminyon], sent a telephone message 
today to Yi Yong-tok, "unification minister" of South Korea, 
proposing to the South side a working-level contact between the 
North and South at Panmunjom on April 22 to discuss technical 
matters for a Seoul trip of the North side's delegation which 
has been invited to a memorial service on the hundredth day 
after the death of Rev. Mun Ik-hwan. 
  The telephone message said: 
  The pan-national funeral committee for Rev. Mun Ik-hwan 
invited the North side's delegation after proposing to hold the 
memorial service on the hundredth day after the death of Rev. 
Mun slated for April 27 with the participation of people in the 
North, South and overseas. This is good for the great unity of 
the nation. In response to this invitation, we have decided to 
send a four-member delegation of the North side including me, 
accompanied by some support personnel and journalists, to Seoul. 
  Recalling that when Rev. Mun died in January, the South side 
blocked a mourners' group of the North side from visiting Seoul, 
the message said: I hope no such unsavory thing would happen 
again. I ask your side to guarantee personal safety and 
convenience to our delegation on its Seoul trip. We will send 
two liaison delegates of the North side of the North-South 
liaison office to the contact and I wish you to take an 
appropriate measure. 
  In a telephone message today to the pan-national funeral 
committee for Rev. Mun Ik-hwan, Paek In-chun notified the 
committee that four delegates including himself and some support 
personnel and journalists would pass through Panmunjom at eight 
A.M. April 26 to attend the memorial service and leave Seoul for 
home on the afternoon of April 28. 

