Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "24 Hours" Newscast] </F>
  [Text] New appointments within the Foreign Relations 
Secretariat were announced today by Foreign Relations Secretary 
Manuel Tello. 
  In his first news conference as foreign relations secretary, 
Mr. Manuel Tello stressed that Mexico's international policies 
will be carried out firmly and prudently. He offered to 
undertake initiatives which in addition to preserving Mexican 
sovereignty and promoting the country's interests, will also 
serve to strengthen Mexico's image throughout the world. Mr. 
Tello also highlighted Mexican determination. 
  [Begin Tello recording, in progress] ...the unmistakable 
prestige that Mexico has been able to establish over the years 
in the international community as a respected and respectful 
country cannot and will not be tarnished. [end recording] 
  Foreign Secretary Tello announced that in accordance with 
President Carlos de Salinas' instructions, several persons had 
been confirmed in their positions. Ambassador Andres Rozenthal 
had been confirmed as foreign relations undersecretary A, while 
Rosario Green was confirmed as undersecretary of foreign 
relations C. He added that Mexican Ambassador to Venezuela 
Antonio de Icaza was appointed foreign relations undersecretary 
B. 
  Mr. (Gustavo Iruegas), currently Mexican consul in San 
Diego, 
will be senior officer [oficial mayor]. Manuel Gomez Robledo 
was appointed private secretary and Mexican Consul in Atlanta 
(Teodoro Mouse) will now supervise the program tending to 
Mexican communities overseas. 
  Mr. Manuel Tello's first activities as foreign relations 
secretary include meetings with the Irish prime minister, the UK 
deputy foreign relations secretary, as well as with the French 
prime minister. 

