BFN 

    [Editorial Report] The following is a compilation of 
reports on economic activities in Brazil monitored through 2 
June. 
  The Securities and Exchange Commission has authorized GAZETA 
MERCANTIL to issue $23 million worth of shares, which makes it 
the first Brazilian media company with open capital. (Sao Paulo 
GAZETA MERCANTIL in Portuguese 26 May 94 p 1) 
  A study carried out by Atlantic Rating, of the Atlantic 
Capital consultant group, concludes that practically all 
Brazilian banks will record losses in July following the 
implementation of the real. This will happen mainly because they 
will have to change their applications, which are currently 
concentrated on profitable but inflationary federal public 
notes. One bank is considering a reduction of its personnel by 
20 percent, while state banks are expecting a Central Bank 
measure to save them. About half of the 51 banks studied so far 
closed their 1993 balance with a portfolio of debts in arrears 
from borrowing clients that is above the desirable international 
standard of an average 1 percent. The Rio Grande do Sul State 
Bank, Banrisul, closed its balance with 9.89 percent of 
borrowers' debts in arrears. The Bank of Brazil has 8.13 
percent, Sao Paulo State Bank, Banespa, has 4.22 percent, and 
the General Commerce Bank has 3.2 percent. Assets in loans to 
clients of 49 of the 51 banks studied are below 70 percent, 
which is the ideal figure for an economically stable country. 
(Sao Paulo FOLHA DE SAO PAULO in Portuguese 27 May 94 S1 p 8) 
  Sao Paulo industrial sales dropped by 12.4 percent in April 
compared with March. This means the Industrial Activity Index 
measured by the Sao Paulo State Federation of Industries, FIESP, 
and the Sao Paulo State Industries Center, CIESP, dropped by 4.2 
percent during the same period and that the installed productive 
capability dropped from 76.9 percent in March to 75.2 percent in 
April. (Sao Paulo GAZETA MERCANTIL in Portuguese 27 May 94 p 11) 
  The Getulio Vargas Foundation and the Brazilian Capital 
Market Institute, Ibmec, have reported that the Rio Grande do 
Sul Airline, Varig, has accumulated losses of $614.5 million 
since 1991. Varig is the only Brazilian airline with a positive 
net patrimony that amounts to $486 million. It increased its 
operational net sales by 17.6 percent, which was equivalent to 
$2.44 billion in 1993. Varig's financial losses in 1993 amount 
to $286 million, and it has announced it will reduce its fleet 
and dismiss employees. The Sao Paulo Airline, VASP, and 
Transbrasil have lost together nearly $1 billion since the 
Cruzado Plan was implemented in 1986. Although VASP had an 
operational profit of $40 million in 1993, its debts made its 
final balance negative. VASP reduced its fleet from 59 aircraft 
in 1992 to 28 in 1993. It it reduced its staff from 7071 to 
5358 employees during the same period. Transbrasil reduced its 
financial loss from $128 million in 1992 to $63 million in 1993. 
It reported an operational loss of $69 million in 1993. 
Transbrasil's debts amounted to $156 million in 1993. (Rio de 
Janeiro O GLOBO in Portuguese 31 May 94 p26) 
  The National Gas Distributing Companies Union, Sindigas, 
has reported that liquefied petroleum gas sales amounted to 
450,310 tonnes in April, 4.6 percent up on the volume sold 
during the same month last year. Compared with March this year, 
sales dropped by 1 percent. The accumulated gas sales during 
the first four months of the year amounted to 1.71 million 
tonnes, a 2.3 percent up on the same period last year. Sindigas 
says this growth follows the minimum population growth. (Sao 
Paulo GAZETA MERCANTIL in Portuguese 30 May 94 p14) 
  The Brazilian Aeronautics Company, Embraer, has registered 
its greatest quarterly loss in its history; $18.9 million. This 
follows the crisis in the international aircraft market. The 
Embraer management believes this negative balance will not 
affect the company's privatization auction that will take place 
on 4 August. (Sao Paulo AGENCIA ESTADO in Portuguese 1516 GMT 1 
Jun 94) 
  Brazilian Petroleum Corporation, Petrobras, today reported 
that it has closed the first quarter with a $23 million profit, 
$59 million less the $82 million earned during the same period 
last year. Petrobras attributed this drop to a price reduction 
from $16.66 per barrel in December 1993 to $15.76 in March this 
year. (Sao Paulo AGENCIA ESTADO in Portuguese 2343 GMT 1 Jun 94) 
  For the first time since March 1990, the National Treasury 
has auctioned Treasury Bonds, LFT, restoring them as part of the 
public debt composition. Of the $7 billion worth of LFT's 
offered yesterday nearly $2.5 billion were sold. Most of the 
buyers were investment funds administering banks. LFT's are 
interesting for funds that need to renew their portfolios during 
the transition into the real because their profitability is 
guaranteed since they earn the overnight market interest rate. 
LFT's with maturity dates in March and May 1995 were the only 
ones sold, while the others with longer maturity terms remained 
unattractive. The government also offered the first parcel of 
National Treasury Notes, NTN, in Real Value Unit, URV, on the 
market. It sold 2.05 million NTN papers. They pay 40.9 percent 
interest per year or 2.90 percent per month. This is slightly 
above the 2.75 percent real interest rate paid by the overnight 
market. (Rio de Janeiro O GLOBO in Portuguese 1 Jun 94) 
  The Espirito Santo State Government has temporarily 
postponed 
the auction of 20.7 percent of its shares in the Espirito Santo 
Power Plants, Inc., Escelsa, which was to have been held on 21 
May at the Rio de Janeiro Stock exchange. It was postponed to 
give eight national and foreign investors more time to evaluate 
the situation. (Sao Paulo AGENCIA ESTADO in Portuguese 2307 GMT 
31 May 94) 

