BFN 

  [Text] It has been disclosed that banks in developed 
nations increased their loans to North Korea last year despite 
the heightened tension over the DPRK nuclear issue. It is said 
in international financial circles that loans to the DPRK entail 
a high risk that principal and interest will not be paid. Thus, 
a financial source wondered "why loans to the country increased 
last year." 
  According to the same source, loans from developed nations' 
banks, which are obliged to report to the Bank for International 
Settlements, increased their credit to North Korea by $45 
million in 1993, and the amount outstanding at the end of the 
year was $492 million. Loans to the DPRK were on the decline 
between 1990 and 1992 because of the country's flagging economy, 
but the figures for 1993 show that this trend has changed. 
  Concerning Japanese banks' credit to North Korea, the source 
said: "The figure is not zero, but it accounts for less than 5 
percent of overall loans provided by Western banks to North 
Korea." The balance of loans from Japan to the DPRK remains 
almost the same, because only loans Japanese banks provided in 
the past remain unpaid. This indicates that Japanese credit to 
the DPRK is not a cause for the increase. 
  According to Euromoney, a British financial magazine, North 
Korea ranks 157th in a (March) country-risk list (which shows 
degrees of risk in providing loans). Despite this, loans to the 
country increased in 1993. Some people think that "short-term 
loans related with trade between North Korea and developed 
nations may be increasing." 

