Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By Deng Zhuoming (6772 0587 2494) ] </F>
  [Text] Guangzhou, 12 Mar (ZHONGGUO XINWEN SHE)--Guangdong 
Province made great efforts to develop the construction of basic 
port facilities and constantly reformed inspection work last 
year so that the comprehensive management level of ports was 
noticeably raised and the capacity of the ports to handle entry 
and exit passengers was greatly increased. 
  Weng Zongyong, director of the Port Office of the Guangdong 
Provincial People's Government, told this reporter that the 
number of entry and exit passengers passing through Guangdong 
Province's ports last year reached 71.384 million, the volume of 
imported and exported goods amounted to 11.51 million tonnes, 
and the number of vehicles used for transportation was 8.42 
million, respectively 5.6, 29.9, and 10.1 percent up on the 
previous year. The total amount of tariffs collected in all 
Guangdong's ports reached 6.32 billion yuan, and the amount of 
unified industrial and commercial tax collected for other 
departments was 4.44 billion yuan, respectively 12.3 and 21 
percent up on the previous year, a record high for both. 
  According to Weng, the number of ports completed and 
officially open to foreign countries last year in Guangdong 
Province was the highest for many years. These ports are the 
through-train railroad station in Foshan, Shenzhen Airport, 
Nansha Port, Huizhou Port, Xinhui Port, and two other ports of 
the first category. In addition, 13 ports in the second 
category were also newly built. 
  It is learned that by the end of last year, the number of 
sea, land, and air ports of the first category in Guangdong 
Province approved by the State Council for opening to foreign 
countries had reached 44, and there were 153 ports of the second 
category approved by Guangdong Province. At present, 20 cities 
at the prefectural level and 73 counties (districts) in 
Guangdong Province have set up ports or port inspection organs. 
This has created a favorable environment for Guangdong Province 
to open wider to the outside world and to speed up economic 
construction. 

