BFN 

  [Text] Budapest, 4 May (MTI) -- The Hungarian Foreign 
Ministry on Wednesday asked MTI to publish the following 
statement: 
  "The Hungarian Foreign Ministry sees the Palestinian-Israeli 
autonomy agreement, which was signed in Cairo on May 4, 1994, as 
a historic event in the course of Middle East peace 
negotiations. The agreement, which regulates the establishment 
of temporary Palestinian self-government, marks an important 
practical step towards a final settlement. Its implementation 
may bring about a breakthrough in solving the decades-old 
conflict. 
  "We highly appreciate that the PLO leadership and the 
Israeli 
government, laying aside their still-existing conflicts, have 
recognized the necessity of developing mutual understanding and 
finding acceptable formulas for a peaceful settlement. With 
this agreement, they have taken a stand for peace. Their 
position is unambiguous and unchanged: The conflict should be 
settled on the basis of Security Council Resolutions 242, 338 
and 425, so that a comprehensive, lasting and just peace can be 
created in the region. This settlement would also imply the 
enforcement of principles based on the agreement of all sides 
concerned and on the realities of the region." 
  To mark the signing of the agreement, Hungarian Prime 
Minister Peter Boross has sent telegrams of congratulations to 
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhaq Rabin, PLO Executive Committee 
Chairman Yasir 'Arafat, and Egyptian President Husni Mubarak. 

