Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] The capital's army and government forum for the 
Spring Festival was held at the Great Hall of the People on the 
afternoon of 7 February. Chen Xitong, secretary of the 
municipal party committee, and Yu Yongbo, member of the Central 
Military Commission and director of the General Political 
Department, extended festive greetings to each other on behalf 
of the municipal party committee, people's congress standing 
committee, government, committee of the Chinese People's 
Political Consultative Conference, and the people throughout 
Beijing and on behalf of the Central Military Commission, the 
three general departments, and the officers and men of the army 
units stationed in Beijing. Li Qiyan, mayor of Beijing; Du 
Tiehuan, deputy director of the General Political Department; 
and Yang Yanyin, vice minister of civil affairs; spoke at the 
forum, which was permeated with a warm atmosphere characterized 
by the unity between the army and the government and between 
armymen and civilians. [passage omitted] 
  Chen Xitong said in his speech that it was significant to 
have invited leaders from the army and the Ministry of Civil 
Affairs to the forum to hear reports on army-civilian 
cooperation in building civilized units and the double-support 
work. He said: Beijing's development cannot be separated from 
that of the Liberation Army. Either in smooth periods or in grim 
periods, from the liberation of Peking to economic construction, 
peace, and stability, we have maintained close unity and 
concerted efforts with the Liberation Army and the Armed Police 
Forces. Only with the Liberation Army can we develop reform and 
construction in a peaceful and stable environment. The People's 
Liberation Army has provided great support to all the work of 
Beijing, and it is Beijing which has benefited most from the 
double-support work and the army-civilian cooperation in 
building civilized units. [passage omitted] 

