Language: <F P=105> Thai </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] The U.S. trade sanctions imposed on the SRV for 
19 years have finally been lifted by the U.S. Government of 
President Bill Clinton. Although the war in Vietnam was over in 
1975, the American people continued to feel the pain of the 
defeat of the U.S.-backed South Vietnam. [passage omitted] 
  The main purpose of this policy change is not for trade with 
Vietnam, but to search for missing American soldiers, dead or 
alive. President Clinton wanted the opening up of trade with 
Vietnam to achieve, in return, a greater cooperation from the 
Vietnamese Government in finding the MIA's. It has been long 
anticipated that the U.S. trade embargo on Vietnam, a measure 
which runs against the principle of free trade upheld by the 
United States, would finally be lifted by the U.S. 
Administration under President Bill Clinton who was an opponent 
of the Vietnam war as a student. [passage omitted] 
  On the whole, the U.S. lifting of the trade embargo on 
Vietnam should contribute to economic growth in Southeast Asia. 
Foreign investment in Vietnam will boost Vietnam's economy and 
the Vietnamese people's purchasing power. This will enhance 
Vietnam's economic potential making it a new competitor in this 
region. This trend will serve as an economic impetus for the 
entire region, including Thailand itself which, from now on, 
will have to make greater efforts in economic development if it 
still dreams of becoming an economic leader in the region. 

