BFN 

  [Text] As far as the environment is concerned, Belgium 
presently has over 7,000 cubic meters of low radioactive waste. 
This waste is stored in safe locations in the Mol area. 
However, 50 years from now, more locations will have to be 
found as it is expected that the quantity of such waste will 
grow to 150,000 cubic meters. The organization responsible for 
storing radioactive waste, the ONDRAF [National Office for 
Nuclear Waste], has set up a list with 100 zones spread over 50 
communes where dumping sites for low radioactive waste could be 
located. The final decision will be made in 1997, but 
Greenpeace already has denounced the ONDRAF plan as 
"unreliable." Sabine Breulet reports: 
  [Breulet] Low radioactive waste originates from nuclear 
plants, research institutes, and hospitals. It is estimated 
that its half-life is approximately 30 years. The ONDRAF 
project calls for building a concrete storage house on clay or 
schistous ground covering 30 hectares. The site should make it 
possible to store 100,000 cubic meters of processed waste. A 
total of 98 zones spread over Flanders and Wallonia meet the 
criteria required for this dumping site. Fifty communes are 
being considered for this site, but only one will be designated. 
The final choice should be made by 1997 and then be followed by 
the approval requests. Thus, the dumping site for this type of 
waste will not be built until the year 2000. 

