BFN 

  [Text] Foreign Relations Secretary Manuel Tello Macias has 
said Mexico has a commitment for legal, open, and credible 
elections in August. Mexico also has a commitment to respond to 
the "powerful dynamics," oppositions, expectations, and 
challenges it faces within the framework of the globalization of 
the economy resulting from participation in NAFTA, APEC 
[Economic Association of Asian and Pacific Nations], and the 
OECD. 
  During the inauguration of the Third Meeting of Honorary 
Mexican Consuls (the previous two meetings were held in 1990 and 
1992), the official said the nation is experiencing important, 
transcendental, historic moments, an accelerated transformation, 
and a process of modernization in all sectors. 
  He said that based on joining NAFTA, APEC, and the OECD, the 
country is now poised as a forerunner within the international 
economic system and has linked up with the world's most dynamic 
trend in economic growth as well as trade and technological 
exchange. 
  Tello told the 56 Mexican honorary consuls that 
domestically, 
with the participation of all the political and social forces, a 
consensus has been reached and mechanisms have been established 
so that this year's elections will be legal, open, and credible. 
  He also spotlighted Mexicans' commitment to firm, unyielding 
democracy, saying: "The electoral competition we are witnessing 
proves this commitment overwhelmingly." 
  At the meeting where four display tables were set up for the 
promotion of image, foreign trade, tourism, consular and 
immigration matters, the consuls were supplied with up-to-date 
material to appropriately promote the nation.x President Carlos 
Salinas de Gortari received the officials at the presidential 
residence, Los Pinos, at the end of the meeting. 

