Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, 3 Mar (ZHONGGUO TONGXUN SHE)--This 
reporter has learned from the relevant department in Beijing 
that Zhou Guoqiang [0719 0948 1730], who has colluded with 
hostile forces outside the border in carrying out lawbreaking 
activities such as opposing the government, instigating others 
to cause trouble, and disrupting social order, is today being 
interrogated by the public security organ which is acting 
according to law. 
  According to the relevant department, Zhou Guoqiang, 39, is 
a 
legal consultant with the Beijing Audio-Visual Equipment 
Company. He actively participated in the riots which were aimed 
at overthrowing the government in Beijing in 1989, and he was a 
member of the illegal "Autonomous Federation of Workers" 
organization. From June to September 1989 he was detained and 
interrogated, then released after writing a letter of 
repentance. But in recent years Zhou Guoqiang has continued to 
collude with hostile organizations and elements inside and 
outside the border to carry out activities against the 
government. In October 1993 Zhou held a meeting of members of 
illegal organizations and compiled articles instigating 
activities against the government; he then unlawfully held a 
reception for foreign reporters, to distribute those articles; 
and he also used a fax machine, which was illegally installed 
without applying for approval from the posts and 
telecommunications department, to send the articles to Hong 
Kong, in order to create some influence outside the border. 
This year, Zhou Guoqiang has actively planned to print a large 
number of "culture shirts [wen hua shan 2429 0553 5904]," which 
are aimed at causing discontent; he has also planned to 
distribute these "culture shirts" on 8 and 10 March when the 
National Committee of the Chinese People's Political 
Consultative Conference and the National People's Congress are 
under way, claiming that he wanted to "create as much influence 
as possible." He has also planned to sell these "culture 
shirts" in society on an extensive scale, to stir up discontent 
among the masses and disrupt social order. 

