Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The Togolese must show a lot of patience in order to 
discover the final results of the second round of legislative 
elections. The U.S. secretary of state has expressed his 
impatience concerning the democratic process in Togo, which is 
dragging its feet. Here is the reaction of Edem Kodjo, from the 
Togolese Union for Democracy [UTD], on this issue: 
  [Begin recording] [Kodjo] Eight parties are contesting how 
things are progressing. The eight parties feel that the 
National Electoral Commission has shirked its responsibility, 
because whatever the case, it was its responsibility to publish 
the results, and then let those who are not happy with the 
results resort to the Supreme Court for redress. But one cannot 
contest results that have not been published. We feel that 
these results should have been published. 
  [Unidentified correspondent] At the end of the second round 
of the elections, and after the publication of results in 19 
constituencies, the UTD, your party, won only five seats, and 
according to some sources, the UTD is reported to be closer to 
the Togolese People's Rally [RPT]. What do you say to that? 
  [Kodjo] This sheer nonsense! How can a party which has 
proven its worth among the democratic ranks suddenly swing to 
the other side? What interest do we have in doing that? I must 
tell you that this is only loose talk on the part of some 
people, and has no effect on the public. [end recording] 

