BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by UKRINFORM correspondents Viktor Demydenko and </F>
Mykhaylo Melnyk: "Ukraine Is Fulfilling Its Obligations on 
Withdrawing Nuclear Weapons"] 
  [Text] The process of dismantling and transfering 
[nuclear] warheads from Ukraine to Russia is under full control 
and is in conformity with the schedule. As of today [14 May], 
180 warheads have already been transferred to the Russian 
Federation. This was stated today [14 May] by Ukrainian 
President Leonid Kravchuk during the opening of the Kiev Spring 
Fair. 
  "It is no secret for anyone that the nuclear missiles 
deployed on the territory of Ukraine are not controlled by it, 
since the nuclear `button' is in Moscow. Besides, Ukraine has 
never even tried to possess such formidable weapons," continued 
the president. He confirmed Ukraine's intention to fulfill in 
full the "tripartite agreement" signed, at the beginning of this 
year, by the presidents of Ukraine, Russia, and the United 
States. 
  "When we signed the agreement, we hoped that other nuclear 
countries would follow suit and would start disarming," 
continued Leonid Kravchuk. "Today, I have information that, in 
fulfillment of the accords reached during the Moscow meeting, 
the United States, too, intends to destroy, on a very large 
scale, its nuclear arsenals," stated the head of the Ukrainian 
state. 
  According to him, by the end of May, all U.S. missiles aimed 
at Ukraine will be recoded. "Therefore, time is coming when our 
states actually proceed from words about friendship and 
cooperation to concrete deeds," emphasized Leonid Kravchuk. 

