Language: <F P=105> Japanese </F>
Article Type:CSO 

  [Text] NEC has demonstrated that a natural oxide layer 
containing suboxide in which silicon has not completely 
oxidized, is the cause of increased resistance of 0.25&mgr;m 
contact holes. Although the effects of natural oxide film on 
contact resistance have been known in the past, this is the 
first time the effect has been confirmed in an actual prototype 
device. To clarify this effect, the composition at the bottom of 
the contact hole was analyzed and its correlation to contact 
resistance was examined. From the results obtained, it is 
possible to divide newly adapted cleansing processes into those 
which are necessary and those which are not necessary. For 
example, the 
H&lt;inf&gt; 2&lt;/inf&gt; SO&lt;inf&gt; 4&lt;/inf&gt; -H&lt;inf&gt; 2&lt;/inf&gt; O&lt;inf&gt; 2&lt;/inf&gt; 
process which eliminated carbon, is judged to be an unnecessary 
process. 
  Controlling the resistance of contact holes has been a major 
problem in the development of the 256M DRAM. This opinion is 
being shared by an increasing number of process engineers who 
are developing advanced DRAM products. Contact resistance 
increases in proportion to the amount of size reduction 
achieved, and some type of countermeasure is required at the 
0.25&mgr;m level. In fact, NEC announced at the 1993 IEEE 
International Solid State Circuits Conference held in February, 
that when conventional cleansing processes were used on a 256M 
prototype chip, contact resistance exceeded 1k ohms, the upper 
design limit. By using numerous cleansing processes such as 
chemical dry etching, which is known to be effective in the 
treatment of contact holes, resistance was eventually controlled. 
  However, it is essential to reduce the number of cleansing 
processes for mass production. Consequently, it became necessary 
to clarify the cause of the rise in contact resistance in order 
to eliminate unnecessary cleansing processes. 
<H3>  Suboxide Natural Oxide Film Causes Increased Contact 
Resistance </H3>
  NEC's ULSI Device Development Laboratory made a series of 
contact-related presentations at the 1993 International 
Conference on Solid-State Devices and Materials in August, at 
the 54th Conference of the Applied Physics Association in 
September, and at the ECS 184th Meeting in October. (For 
example, refer to Nakamori, et. al., Lecture No. 29a-ZE-3, 54th 
Conference of Applied Physics Association, September, 1993). In 
Summary, it was clarified that (1) the cause of the increase in 
contact resistance is natural oxide film, and (2) the natural 
oxide film contains a large amount of suboxide. 
  With regard to (1), this became evident from the correlation 
between contact hole bottom composition and contact resistance 
when measured using the increased temperature elimination method 
for samples which had been dry etched and those which had not. 
When chemical dry etching was performed using plasma, resistance 
dropped about one half. 
  With regard to (2), contact holes were formed over the 
entire 
surface of the substrate, and the same treatment was performed; 
the bonding status of the natural oxide film was analyzed by XPS 
upon completion of each process. Immediately after contact holes 
are formed, silicon bonds with oxygen and fluorine. 2+ and 3+ of 
the XPS signal, which corresponds to the suboxide, only appears 
when chemical dry etching is not performed. 4+, which 
corresponds to complete SiO&lt;inf&gt; 2&lt;/inf&gt; , remained regardless of 
the dry etching treatment; however, at the end of the increased 
temperature elimination method, it remained only when chemical 
dry etching was not performed. From these results, it can be 
seen that the cause of increased contact resistance is natural 
oxide film which contains suboxide. 
<H5>  Chemical Dry Etching Breaks Si-Si Bonds </H5>
  NEC considers the following type of mechanisms to be 
responsible for the effectiveness of chemical dry etching on 
natural oxide films which contain suboxide. 
  (1) Etching contact holes creates a ``damage layer'' on the 
substrate sublayer. 
  (2) The O&lt;inf&gt; 2&lt;/inf&gt;  plasma treatment, which eliminates 
contamination after contact holes have been formed, creates an 
oxide film on the contact surface, and suboxide forms on the 
damage layer below the oxide film. 
  (3) Oxide film on the surface is eliminated by subsequent 
cleansing processes. However, the suboxide layer containing 
insufficient oxygen has Si-Si bonds; the Si-Si bonds come to the 
surface and cannot be removed by conventional cleansing 
processes. As a result, a natural oxide film remains below the 
Si-Si bonds. 
  (4) Chemical dry etching can break the Si-Si bonds. 
  (5) Natural oxide film is removed by subsequent cleansing 
processes. 
  Other causes for increased contact resistance include the 
effects of carbon contamination, as indicated by Fujitsu and 
Toshiba. However, NEC regards the effects of carbon to be 
minimal. This is because analysis has shown that the amount of 
carbon which remains at the bottom of the contact hole is 
5&percnt; or 
less, which is small compared to the 30&percnt; of oxygen. From 
the 
results described above, the following conclusions can be drawn 
with regard to cleansing processes: 
  (a) a process which breaks the Si-Si bonds, such as chemical 
dry etching, is required, 
  (b) a process to remove oxide film again after Si-Si bonds 
have been broken is required, and 
  (c) sulfate processing to eliminate carbon is not necessary. 

