Language: <F P=105> Portuguese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Representatives from seven Portuguese-speaking 
countries are discussing in Brasilia the formation of an 
international community. They met this morning in Itamaraty. 
  These representatives came from Africa and Europe. They have 
something in common with Brazil, their language -- Portuguese. 
Based on this common feature, the foreign ministers from seven 
countries are discussing the formation of a community of 
Portuguese- speaking countries to exchange technology and 
cooperation in the cultural, social, and economic areas and 
reach political agreements. 
  Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim emphasized the 
efforts made by these countries to end racism and the 
significance of the new community: 
  [Begin Amorim recording] We are living in a world of 
variable associations in which it is important to channel common 
elements for more resolute actions in the international arena. 
[end recording] 
  Brazilian Ambassador to Portugal Jose Aparecido de Oliveira, 
one of the architects of the community of Portuguese-speaking 
countries, said it already was time for the idea to materialize 
and used the occasion to ask for the foreigners' support for 
proposing sociologist Herbert de Souza, nicknamed Betinho, as a 
candidate for the Nobel Peace Prize. 
  [Begin Aparecido recording] I believe he is the candidate of 
the nations that speak our language. In this regard, he 
represents the moral and human conscience of 210 million people 
scattered throughout the continents. [end recording] 
  The presidents of these seven Portuguese-speaking countries 
will meet this year in Lisbon to formalize all the documents 
signed at today's meeting. 
  The foreign ministers will visit the Federal Supreme Court 
and Congress this afternoon. They will have dinner with 
President Itamar Franco at the JK Memorial tonight. 

