BFN 

<F P=106> [Statement by Guven Dincer, acting president of the </F>
Constitutional Court; place and date not specified -- recorded] 
  [Text] 1. It was unilaterally decided to close down the 
Democracy Party [DEP] in the wake of speeches its leader Yasar 
Kaya made in Bonn, Germany, and Irbil, Iraq, and following his 
communique, entitled Peace Call, which was issued by party 
headquarters. These actions violate the Constitution and 
Articles 78 and 81 of Law No. 2820 on legislation concerning 
political parties. It was unilaterally decided to close down the 
DEP in accordance with Paragraph B of Article 101. 
  2. According to the final paragraph in Article 84 of the 
Constitution, the deputies listed below, who were party 
members on 2 December 1993, the date on which the suit to close 
the DEP was filed, have had their deputyships terminated, 
effective as of the Turkish Grand National Assembly's [TGNA] 
notification of the closure decision: Ahmet Turk, Ali Yigit, 
Sirri Sakik, Leyla Zana, Hatip Dicle, Sedat Yurtdas, Selim 
Sadak, Orhan Dogan, Zubeyir Aydar, Naif Gunes, Mahmut Kilinc, 
Remzi Kartal, and Nizamettin Toguc. The deputyships of the 
deputies listed below have also been terminated because of their 
membership in the party at the time the suit to close the DEP 
was filed: Hazin Kilinc, Mahmut Alinak, Muzaffer Demir, Mahmut 
Uyanik, and Mehmet Emin Sever. 
  3. According to Article 107 of Law No. 2820, it was decided 
that all party assets will be transferred to the Treasury. 
  4. In order to implement the necessary steps in terms of the 
parliamentary status of the deputies, it was decided to send a 
copy of the decision to the TGNA. With regard to taking legal 
action, it was unilaterally decided on 16 June 1994 to send a 
copy of the decision to the Prime Minister's Office, the Supreme 
Court of Appeals, and the Office of the Chief Public Prosecutor 
in accordance with Article 107 of Law No. 2820. [end recording] 

