CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Oana Iurascu: "Ioan Gavra: `Ioan Aurel Stoica's </F>
Burial Ceremony -- A Festive, Ideological Manifestation'"] 
  [Text] Ioan Gavra has denied the existence of a rift 
between him and the chairman of the PUNR [Romanian National 
Unity Party], explaining that differences of opinion are normal 
in a party with a democratic life, as long as the expression of 
these differences does not affect the public image of the PUNR. 
"There is no problem with unity in the PUNR," he emphasized, 
while predicting an earthquake in the PD(FSN) [Democratic 
Party(National Salvation Front)]. 
  The PUNR deputy chairman characterized the burial ceremony 
for PD(FSN) Senator Ion Aurel Stoica in Cluj as a "festive, 
ideological manifestation," considering as unjustified the 
massive presence of PD(FSN) representatives from the county 
organizations. Gavra said that since the former PD(FSN) senator 
did not "die a hero's death," the request that he be buried in 
the Cemetery of Heroes in the locality was unjustified: "Former 
members of the nomenklatura do not deserve to be there." In any 
event, Stoica is still, after his death, the object of attention 
of the commission for monitoring housing space for parliamentary 
representatives because, according to Gavra, he had two villas, 
in Cluj and in Bucharest. Gavra reported that he informed the 
Public Prosecutor's Office of the cases of Basescu and Sasu, who 
slandered him, and that he asked for lOO million lei in 
compensation for moral damages, saying that this was "just 
pennies" for the two members of the PD(FSN). 

