Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Buenos Aires, 11 Jan (NA) -- Military Household 
Chief General Jorge Rearte today denied that there was an 
alleged attack against the plane in which President Carlos Menem 
travelled on 30 December. According to press reports issued 
today, the incident prompted a detour on its route to La Rioja. 
  Rearte stated that the information published today by a 
Buenos Aires newspaper is "completely inaccurate," emphasizing 
that "there was no such detour; the aircraft took the direct 
route." 
  The press report, published today, is based on an alleged 
top-secret military and political report in which those 
responsible for the president's safety allegedly state that a 
missile was aimed at the aircraft transporting Menem to 
Anillaco, where he celebrated the New Year. 
  The report adds that Rearte personally ordered the detour of 
the aircraft from the original route and ordered a prolonged 
circling before landing in La Rioja. 
  Rearte said that La Rioja police "probably" carried out a 
dragnet operation near the airport, adding that it was probably 
just for "preventive purposes." 
  Rearte asserted: "When an important person travels to a 
certain place it is normal to check beforehand for any abnormal 
situation." 
  He added that he was unaware of the origin of the reported 
missile base which, according to the press report, was the 
target of investigations by security forces. 
  Rearte concluded: "The alleged attack is fully dismissed. I 
can assert that absolutely nothing happened." 

