Cooperation 

<F P=102>   94UM0435A Moscow KRASNAYA ZVEZDA in Russian 28 May 94 p 5 </F>
<F P=103> 94UM0435A </F>
<F P=104>  Moscow KRASNAYA ZVEZDA </F>
<F P=105>  Russian </F>
CSO 

<F P=106> [Decree No 479, 6 May 1994, of the Government of the Russian </F>
Federation "On Granting Enterprises the Right to Participate in 
the Russian Federation's Military-Technical Cooperation With 
Foreign Countries," signed by Chairman of the Government of the 
Russian Federation V. Chernomyrdin] 
  [Text] In order to raise the effectiveness of the Russian 
Federation's military-technical cooperation with foreign 
countries, the Government of the Russian Federation resolves: 
  1. To approve the attached Statute on Certifying and 
Registering Enterprises for the Right to Export Armament, 
Military Equipment and Military Work and Services, and make it 
effective as of 1 May 1994. 
  2. To grant, to enterprises developing and manufacturing 
armament and military equipment that are certified and 
registered as participants of foreign economic activity in the 
area of military-technical cooperation, the right: 
  to seek foreign clients in countries in which 
military-technical cooperation is not prohibited, to demonstrate 
and transmit, in the course of negotiations, specifications and 
performance characteristics of armament and military equipment 
allowed for export, to communicate a tentative price agreed upon 
by the established procedure, and to conduct advertising and 
other marketing activities; 
  to sign contracts and to independently export, on the basis 
of licenses obtained by the established procedure, armament and 
military equipment manufactured by them over and above state 
defense orders, and military work and services; 
  to select intermediaries from among organizations that have 
received permits by the established procedure to engage in 
foreign economic activity in the area of military-technical 
cooperation. 
  3. As a partial amendment to item 3 of the Statute on the 
Procedure for Licensing Export and Import of Military Products 
(Work, Services) on the Territory of the Russian Federation, 
approved by Decree No 80, 28 January 1993, of the Council of 
Ministers and Government of the Russian Federation ("Sobraniye 
aktov Prezidenta i Pravitelstva Rossiyskoy Federatsii" 
[Collection of Acts of the President and Government of the 
Russian Federation], No 6, 1993, Article 484), to establish that 
spare parts, training and auxiliary property pertaining to 
armament and military equipment shipped to foreign countries 
earlier shall be exported, and the work of technical maintenance 
and repair of these items (including using series-manufactured 
associated items in exchange for those removed from production) 
shall be carried out, without a decision being rendered by the 
Government of the Russian Federation. 

