BFN 

<F P=106> [Statement by the Government of the Republic of Albania </F>
issued in Tirana on 15 April -- read by announcer] 
  [Text] Today, on 15 April 1994, the Greek ambassador to 
Tirana presented to the Foreign Ministry Note Verbal No. 435 in 
which he informed the Foreign Ministry of the Republic of 
Albania that, on the basis of the talks held in Tirana during 
the visit of the Greek deputy public order minister on 8 and 9 
March 1994, he proposed that the working groups of the Public 
Order Ministries of both countries hold a meeting in Ioanniana 
on 20 April 1994, as scheduled in the plan. This meeting would 
examine the circumstances of the tragic 10 April incident. 
  The Government of the Republic of Albania agrees to hold the 
meeting scheduled for 20 April and exchange information on the 
terrorist act of 10 April. 
  However, considering the gravity of the Peshkepi massacre 
and 
a number of indisputable facts, such as the arrival from Greece 
and the return there of the terrorist unit, the fact that its 
members were wearing Greek uniforms, the objects found at the 
scene of the crime, the fact that they were Greek-speaking 
people, the military character of the target chosen for the 
attack, the methods used in commiting the crime, the repeated 
character of the military provocations, and many other pieces of 
evidence, the Albanian Government considers that the Greek side 
cannot take part in the assessment of the incident. Thus, the 
government thinks that the assessment of the incident should be 
done by an impartial commission set up by the European Union and 
the CSCE. 

