BFN 

  [Text] It is believed that behind the recent discord 
between Japan and the United States over the Japan-proposed 
plutonium research project to be undertaken at the International 
Science and Technology Center [ISTC] lie their differing 
positions on plutonium use and the deep U.S. concern that Japan 
may gain access to technology related to weapons of mass 
destruction through the project. 
  The ISTC has been established to provide former Soviet 
scientists and engineers, who once were engaged in developing 
nuclear weapons and missiles, with subjects for research for 
peaceful purpose to help them "change their occupation." And it 
is quite natural for the United States to have concern that if 
these nuclear experts cooperate with Japan in a 
plutonium-related project, information on weapons may 
accidentally flow into Japan. 
  Meanwhile, Russia, which is promoting the development of a 
fast breeder reactor, takes a positive stance on using plutonium 
for the people's living, and has expressed great interest in 
cooperating with Japan. 
  Although the United States tacitly permits Japan's plutonium 
use for peaceful purpose, it has indicated opposition to active 
use of plutonium jointly by Japan and Russia. 
  Tokyo has pledged to donate $20 million to the ISTC. The 
amount is about one-third of the total money to be provided to 
the center. Japan has a desire to absorb the results of Russia's 
research in the fields of fast breeder reactors and plutonium 
use. However, if the choice of subjects for research is limited 
in accordance with U.S. intentions, officials concerned will get 
frustrated. 

