BFN 

<F P=106> [By Reporter Gao Ping (7559 1627) and Correspondent Liu </F>
Baozhu (0491 1405 3796): "Wang Qun, Wu Liji, and Qian Fenyong 
Meet With Guests of the State of Mongolia"] 
  [Text] On 10 June, at the auditorium of the government of 
the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Wang Qun, secretary of the 
regional party committee, Wu Liji, chairman of the region, and 
Qian Fenyong, deputy secretary of the regional party committee 
and chairman of the regional committee of the Chinese People's 
Political Consultative Conference, met with the delegation of 
the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party, headed by (Ulegi), 
member of the Political Bureau of the Leading Committee of the 
Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party and chairman of the 
Ulaanbaatar City Party Committee. 
  Wang Qun, Wu Liji, and Qian Fenyong extended a welcome to 
the 
guests of the State of Mongolia for their friendly visit to the 
region and briefed the guests on the region's situation in 
reform, opening up, and economic development. 
  While meeting with the guests, Wang Qun said: Since China 
and Mongolia are near neighbors linked by common mountains and 
rivers, further developing the good-neighborly and friendly 
relations is conducive to the stability and development of the 
Asian-Pacific Region and of the world. Along with the 
development of the friendly cooperative relations between China 
and Mongolia, the cooperation and exchanges in political, 
economic, trading, and cultural fields have expanded day by day, 
the volume of border trade has increased year by year, and the 
personnel exchanges have increased with each passing day. This 
conforms to the wish of the peoples of China and Mongolia. Wang 
Qun said: Inner Mongolia's gate is opened wide to Mongolia. 
Inner Mongolia is willing to strengthen the exchanges and 
cooperation with Mongolia in economic, trade, scientific and 
technological, and cultural fields and to further develop the 
relations between the two parties and the two countries. 
  Bai Yin, secretary of the Hohhot City Party Committee, Wang 
Guoshi, head of the regional foreign affairs office, and 
responsible comrades of departments concerned also attended the 
reception. 

