BFN 

  [Excerpts] The Constituent Assembly [CA] commission has 
released more results of the CA election. According to the 
results, Kwania County, Apac District, was captured by Mr. 
George Cosmas Adyebo with 19,724 votes. Nakifuma County, Mukono 
District, went to Major Livingstone Katerega, who got 24,276 
votes. Bamunamika County, Luwero District, was won by Mr. 
Wilberforce Kisamba Mugerwa with 25,499 votes. Nakawa Division, 
Kampala District, went to Mr. Jaberi Bidandi Ssali with 30,643 
votes. Rubaga Division South was won by Mr. Damiano Lubega with 
13,984 votes. Rubaga Division North was captured by Mr. Lula 
Wasswa with 14,727 votes. Buikwe County North went to Dr. 
Sophia Musana with 8,265 votes. [passage omitted] 
  In Southwestern Uganda, the results of the elections have 
again plunged the volatile district of Ntungamo into a sit-down 
demonstration at the district administration headquarters. The 
supporters of Brigadier Adier Fred Kamwesiga, who have blocked 
the entrance to the district administration headquarters, are 
protesting against the results. However, a UGANDA NEWS AGENCY 
correspondent in Ntungamo, who rang Kampala Radio Uganda Network 
this morning, said the demonstration was peaceful. 
  In Mpigi District, Miss Harriet Kyingi Nakazana, who emerged 
second in the CA election in Mawokota South, has announced her 
intention to file a petition challenging the result. The 
constituency was won by Mr. Anthony Sekweyama. 

