Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Cairo, 9 Mar (MENA)--The Higher State Security 
Prosecution Office, led by Public Prosecutor 'Abd-al-Sami' 
Sharaf- al-Din, is currently questioning the 25 defendants in 
the case of the terrorist organization involved in banks 
bombings. They have been in custody for 15 days pending the 
interrogations. 
  The defendants in this case face several charges, including 
membership in a group established in violation of the law and 
the Constitution that seeks to change the regime by force; 
criminal agreement to carry out several bombing operations to 
disturb security and damage the national economy; and possession 
of explosives, bombs, and weapons without a license. 
  The defendants gave a detailed confession about the role of 
each one of them in the recent bombings in front of a number of 
banks in Cairo and al-Jizah. They also admitted that they 
planned to assassinate some figures and police officers and blow 
up a number of other banks. 
  The Prosecution Office has decided to seize the money found 
with the defendants and to bring experts from the criminal 
laboratory to examine the explosives and ammunition impounded. 
Officials from the Prosecution Office examined six places where 
the defendants used to hide and keep their weapons and 
explosives. Eyewitnesses will later testify before the 
prosecutors about the crimes of the defendants. Meanwhile, the 
questioning of the defendants by prosecutors will continue. 

