Language: <F P=105> Slovak </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["rk"-attributed report: "Restrictions at the Ministry of </F>
Foreign Affairs"] 
  [Text] Bratislava -- SME approached the Ministry of 
Foreign Affairs Press Department in conjunction with reports in 
the daily press about a "list of some 100 Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs staffers who are to leave the Ministry in January being 
prepared" and about "the closure of several Slovak embassies 
abroad." We were told that no such list exists at the Ministry. 
In response to our question about how many foreign missions 
would be closed, and for what reasons, the press department 
stated that "in view of the volume of financial resources 
allocated to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Slovak 
Republic from the state budget for 1994, the Ministry had to 
draw up a set of cost-cutting measures, within the framework of 
which it is considering the closure of some foreign missions as 
well as staff reductions at foreign missions." It promised "to 
inform the mass media once the proposed measures have been 
approved by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs or by the 
government." As Minister Jozef Moravcik recently promised that 
the posts of ambassadors to the United States, Germany, and 
Hungary would be filled by the end of the year, we inquired 
about their appointment. We learned that "Minister of Foreign 
Affairs Jozef Moravcik submitted to a Slovak Government meeting 
proposals for the appointment of ambassadors to the three 
countries. So far, the government has approved Branislav 
Lichardus as ambassador of the Slovak Republic to the United 
States and the president of the republic has signed his 
nomination. He has received an agreement from the U.S. side and 
will take up his post shortly," the reply of the Ministry of 
Foreign Affairs Press Department states in conclusion. 

