BFN 

  [Text] President Rauf Denktas has said that some progress 
was made during the Vienna talks on the confidence-building 
measures last week. 
  David Madden, Denktas received the new British ambassador to 
Lefkosa [Nicosia], at the presidential palace today. In a 
statement after the one-hour meeting, Denktas said they 
discussed the latest situation in the Cyprus problem and the 
contacts held in Vienna. He pointed out that progress was made 
in Vienna toward eliminating the imbalance in the package. He 
added: We believe that if the Greek Cypriot side agrees to it, 
some progress was made in Vienna. Certain steps were taken to 
eliminate the imbalance in the package. We do not know how the 
Greek Cypriots will react to that. Consequently, the side that 
wants to reach an agreement must help the concerned officials 
restore the balance that existed in the original package. 
  In a statement before the meeting, David Madden pointed out 
that a line of action will be determined about the process 
concerning the confidence-building measures in accordance with 
the contents of the UN report. He pointed out that the UN 
secretary general will draw up his report very likely this week. 
Madden expressed the belief that use can be made of the time 
until the report is published. Therefore, he said, efforts will 
be made and a couple of more meetings can be held within this 
framework. 

