BFN 

  [Text] Colombo, June 7 (AFP) -- Security forces Tuesday [7 
June] claimed heavy Tamil guerrilla casualties outside a 
strategic military base in northern Sri Lanka following a rebel 
pressure mine attack at a nearby naval facility. 
  Troops moved ahead of their outer defences at the sprawling 
Palaly military complex on the northern Jaffna Peninsula Monday 
and killed or wounded up to 20 rebels, a military statement here 
said. 
  Troops fired at guerrillas of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil 
Eelam (LTTE) at coastal Madagal village, which forms part of the 
Palaly defences. Palaly is the staging post for air force 
operations against Tigers in the region. 
  The military statement said ground troops also destroyed a 
tractor that was bringing rebel reinforcements to Madagal. The 
statement put the rebel casualties at "15 to 20," revising an 
earlier military figure of 40. 
  The fighting came just hours after a LTTE pressure mine blew 
up a Navy water bowser at the main Navy base on the islet of 
Karainagar, killing one sailor, the statement said without 
giving further details. 
  There have been similar mine attacks and the entire Northern 
Military High Command, comprising nine senior Army and Navy 
officers, was killed in a mine attack at another small islet 
near Jaffna in August 1992. 
  Karainagar is located just west of the Tiger-dominated 
Jaffna 
Peninsula. The LTTE is leading a violent seccessionist campaign 
in the northeast, home to Sri Lanka's two million-strong Tamil 
minority. 

