BFN 

<F P=106> ["`DPRK-USA Talks, the Only Solution to the Nuclear Issue of </F>
the Korean Peninsula'" -- KCNA headline] 
  [Text] Pyongyang, April 8 (KCNA) -- International 
organisations and public organisations of different countries 
denounced the United States for leading the situation of the 
Korean peninsula to the brink of war. 
  The Islamic world and Arab regional leadership of the 
International Front Against Zionism in a statement warned that 
if the United States resorted to war moves against independent 
and peace-loving Korea, it would get only defeat and shame. 
  The Luxemburg-Korea Friendship Association in a statement 
demanded that the United States abandon the policy of strength 
and sincerely approach dialogue with the DPRK for a peaceful and 
fair solution to the nuclear issue of the Korean peninsula. 
  The Tanzanian Youth League in a statement said that DPRK-USA 
talks are the only solution to the nuclear issue of the Korean 
peninsula. 
  The Mali Committee for Supporting the Independent and 
Peaceful Reunification of Korea in a statement said that if the 
United States really had an intention to resolve the nuclear 
issue, it must be faithful to its responsibility and obligation, 
though belatedly, and the Secretariat of the International 
Atomic Energy Agency must renounce the "double standard" policy 
at once. 
  The Britain-Korea Friendship Committee in an appeal called 
upon the British political parties and organisations which 
treasure peace and justice to lift up voices denouncing the 
unjust stand of the government to join the U.S. in the moves to 
isolate and stifle the DPRK and demanding the normalisation of 
relations with the DPRK. 

