BFN 

<F P=106> ["Acts Bringing Situation to Dangerous Phase" -- KCNA </F>
headline] 
  [Text] Pyongyang, April 24 (KCNA) -- The U.S. imperialists 
staged an exercise for night aerial warfare simulating a 
surprise strike at the North in the skies above Osan, Yongwol, 
Kapyong and Tongduchon of South Korea on April 22 under ohe 
command of an E-3 early warning plane by mobilizing warplanes 
based overseas and fighter-bombers, assault planes, observation 
planes and reconnaissance planes belonging to the U.S. Airforce 
present in South Korea, more than 100 in all, according to 
military sources. 
  On the same day, an RC-135 strategic reconnaissance plane 
which flew to South Korea from the Kadena Base of Okinawa staged 
an aerial photographing and electronic espionage on the whole 
area of the Northern half of Korea, making a long-hour flight 
above Pochon, Inje and Kojin. 
  More than 500 warplanes and 15 reconnaissance planes were 
flown in the aerial warfare exercise and espionage directed 
against the North in the sky above South Korea on April 22. 
  On April 21, the South Korean puppets fired scores of shells 
and over 1,000 large-calibre machine-gun bullets in Chorwon 
County, South Korean Kangwon Province, Hyonchon and Paju 
Counties, Kyonggi Province. And helicopter gunships and 
transport helicopters of the puppet Army staged ground support 
and airlifting exercises in the air above Pochon and Yonchon, 
and Chorwon, South Korean Kangwon Province. 
  The unending war games of the U.S. imperialists and the 
South 
Korean puppets are increasing the danger of war on the Korean 
peninsula. 

