BFN 

  [Text] La Paz, 28 Apr (AFP) -- Since dawn today, Bolivian 
Army troops have been patrolling the streets of La Paz, the seat 
of the government, as well as interstate highways throughout the 
country to maintain public order and to prevent roadblocks by 
peasant union members and rural teachers. 
  Social Communications Minister Ernesto Machicao has said the 
government of Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada yesterday announced the 
deployment of 30,000 men, including military agents and 
policemen, to urban and rural communities to guarantee "free 
movement and security," but he rejected the possibility of 
eventually implementing a state of siege, "because this is a 
drastic measure that is not yet necessary." 
  The government's preventive measures are in response to the 
tense atmosphere the country has experienced over the past 24 
days because of actions by the Bolivian Labor Federation (COB), 
which is demanding wage increases by declaring a widespread and 
indefinite strike and a hunger strike by more than 2,000 union 
leaders throughout the country and by blocking roads, which 
agricultural sectors were supposed to begin today. 
  Agricultural leader Felix Santos said about 10,000 peasants 
from the La Paz high plateau, valley, and subtropical zone will 
arrive in La Paz today to join the COB activities. 
  Meanwhile, the COB announced that negotiations with the 
government will resume today, but executive branch officials 
warned they will not attend the talks as long as the union does 
not end its pressure tactics. 
  Labor Minister Reynaldo Peters criticized the COB's 
uncompromising position -- namely, its demand to increase wages 
by more than the 8 percent increase in the minimum wage offered 
by the government -- because it "lacks solid foundations, and 
because it is not stipulated in the annual budget drafted and 
approved by the government." 

