BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Eduardo Martinez, president of the ANPP </F>
Economic Commission, by reporter Mariela Diaz, at the Convention 
Center in Havana on 2 May -- recorded] 
  [Text] The second day of the special session of the 
National Assembly of the People's Government [ANPP] focused on 
adopting policies to implement measures aimed at streamlining 
national finances. During the ANPP sessions, the address by 
Eduardo Martinez from the Economic Commission of the ANPP 
regarding a possible change in Cuban currency aroused intense 
debate. 
  [Begin recording] [Martinez] I believe that the change of 
currency is a valid measure that could effectively act upon the 
problems of the national financial imbalance. Therefore, it is 
one measure in the arsenal of possible measures. I believe it 
can be implemented at the opportune moment, although I believe 
there is another group of measures that can be adopted in a 
first instance without having recourse to the change of 
currency. In other words, I am not putting aside that 
possibility at all, for it is one of the possibilities the 
government should have at hand for implementation at the right 
moment. 
  [Diaz] The people are also highly concerned about the 
capacity, the purchasing power of the currency. Some people have 
asked us: After certain measures are taken, the dollars will 
have no value? Perhaps they are referring to an intermediate 
currency between our currency and hard currency. How would this 
function? 
  [Martinez] I believe it is still a little speculative to 
talk 
about this. The measures to control the hard currency 
circulation in Cuba ought to be adopted, but their exact shape 
must be adapted to the reality, and at the opportune moment. 
Therefore, to now try to define the exact shape seems to me a 
bit speculative. I believe the ANPP is highlighting the 
essential, the need to exert control over the circulation of 
hard currency in the country, which is already part of excess 
liquidity. 
  [Diaz] Can you tell if the prices in the dollar stores are 
going to increase or drop following this financial readjustment? 
  [Martinez] I can not predict that. 
  [Diaz] Thank you. [end recording] 

