Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Haikou, March 24 (XINHUA) -- China is making a 
breakthrough in setting up a social security system to meet the 
demand of the ongoing market economy reform, an official with 
the Ministry of Labor said. 
  Jiao Kaiping, who is in charge of social security affairs 
under the ministry, made the remarks at a recent international 
symposium held in Haikou, capital of Hainan Province. 
  Jiao said that ever since 1984, China has exerted great 
efforts to establish a social security system concerned with 
pensions, unemployment, medical care and job injuries. 
  Before 1984, the heavy burden of pension insurance was 
shouldered only by enterprises, while at present, the insurance 
premium is pooled from three sources, namely the state, 
enterprises and individuals. 
  By the end of 1993 China had spread an overall pension 
insurance system among state-run and collective enterprises. In 
some economically-active coastal areas, pension insurance was 
instituted to cover employees in various kinds of enterprises 
run by foreign businessmen, private concerns, townships and 
towns. 
  China's unemployment insurance system now covers more than 
74 
million workers in some 470,000 state-run enterprises. 
  In accordance with regulations issued last April by the 
state, the unemployment insurance system will be extended to 
include non- state enterprises. 
  In addition, overall social insurance targeting job injuries 
and medical treatment is being instituted in an attempt to ease 
the burdens of enterprises. 

