BFN 

  [Text] Paris, April 1 (AFP) -- French Defence Minister 
Francois Leotard on Thursday [31 March] asked a dozen public and 
private armaments businesses to cut equipment costs as France 
finalises its military spending programme for 1995-2000. 
  The demand for "an effort to control industrial costs," made 
at a ministry dinner, was well received by the industrialists, 
ministry officials said. 
  French arms manufacturers recognise that Defence Ministry's 
equipment orders are "exceptional" by comparison with other 
European countries -- more than 104 billion francs (18 billion 
dollars) in 1994 -- and that the ministry supports their export 
efforts, the officials said. 
  A new bill on military programming is to be presented to 
parliament shortly, with 613 billion francs (107 billion 
dollars) dedicated to equipment spending over six years, the 
sources added. 
  However the sum is not expected to cover the spending needed 
for all present programmes and Leotard called for discussions 
between military chiefs, armaments officials and industrialists 
over how to make economies. 
  "The arms industry is going to be confronted by the fact 
that 
previously armaments programmes were launched every 10 years and 
now it will be every 20 years," Leotard said. 
  Among areas considered for cutbacks, the European NH-90 
transport helicopter is likely to face a 20-30 percent reduction 
in costs from a total of more than nine billion francs. 
  Defence industry groups commented Thursday that they had 
already made major efforts to control costs by reducing their 
workforce, reorganising their production and seeking alliances 
with other European manufacturers. 

