Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Prague, Jan 10 (CTK) -- The Czech branch of the 
Greenpeace movement sent an open letter to U.S. President Bill 
Clinton asking him to obstruct guarantees by the U.S. 
Export-Import Bank for completion of the Temelin nuclear plant, 
Greenpeace spokeswoman Vera Frankova told CTK today. The plant 
started to be constructed in 1986, and from the very beginning 
it has been strongly criticized by environmental organizations, 
especially in neighboring Austria. 
  The Czech Government approved the completion of the power 
plant last March, says the letter, handed to the U.S. Embassy to 
the Czech Republic. The American City Bank is willing to grant 
the relevant loan but it requires solid guarantees. According 
to Frankova, the guarantee of 16.2 billion Czech crowns ($540 
million) by the Czech Government was not sufficient, and the 
EX-IM Bank guarantees are also required. The Czech Government 
decided to complete the Temelin, south Bohemia, nuclear plant 
although no study on its impact on the environment has been 
compiled, and no laws on liquidation of nuclear installations, 
storage of radioactive waste, or responsibility for damage 
caused in case of a nuclear accident have been passed, the 
letter claims. Greenpeace believes that Clinton's move against 
completion of the Temelin plant would be entirely in line with 
the environmental aspects of his electoral campaign. 

