BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Lothar Bisky, chairman of the Party of </F>
Democratic Socialism, by Wolfgang Huebner; place and date not 
given: "Five Percent Is Not a Distant Goal Any More"] 
  [Text] [Huebner] The Party of Democratic Socialism [PDS] 
has stopped short of moving into the European Parliament. What 
does that mean for this Parliament? 
  [Bisky] It means that the European Parliament will lack a 
clear left-wing opposition voice. There will be no opportunity 
for contact with other left-wing parties in Europe. Nor will 
there be strong opposition to the Maastricht Treaties. 
  [Huebner] Will the PDS give up its interest in European 
policy? 
  [Bisky] No, we are considering setting up a Europe office in 
Brussels. We will examine this closely. We do not, by any 
means, intend to neglect contacts with left-wing parties of 
other countries and are seeking cooperation with them. 
  [Huebner] You missed the 5 percent for the European 
Parliament, but achieved remarkable results at the communal 
level. What do you consider more important? 
  [Bisky] The election results have caused amusement rather 
than concern in the PDS. The results of the communal elections 
are excellent. It has become clear that Brandenburg was no 
exception, but we have achieved major gains in all new federal 
laender, above all, in the big cities. This is an important 
sign of approval for our candidates, who had a difficult 
election campaign. 
  It is a bitter thing that we lack 0.3 percent for Europe. We 
must state this clearly. We missed our goal by a narrow margin. 
However, with 4.7 percent, we almost doubled our 1990 Bundestag 
elections result, when we got 2.4 percent on an all-German 
basis. This is a very hopeful sign, indicating that we can 
overcome this very narrow margin and reach 5 percent in the 
Bundestag elections. In addition, the upcoming Bundestag 
elections will be marked by other characteristics. We still 
think that 5 percent for the PDS in October is a realistic 
estimate. 
  [Huebner] The PDS certainly profited from a relatively low 
voter turnout on 12 June, which you cannot expect in October. 
  [Bisky] That may be partly true. But it is not true that 
only the low voter turnout led to such a result. In Berlin, for 
instance, we won 40,000 votes in absolute terms, compared with 
communal elections in May 1992. This shows that we not only 
live on our traditional voters, but can also win over new voters. 
  [Huebner] Is the east exhausted for the PDS, or is it still 
possible to get many more votes there? 
  [Bisky] I do not know whether we can get much more. But in 
any case, there is still a certain potential among non-voters; 
and among the non-voters, there are also people who have a 
leftist orientation and would fully accept our policy programs. 
Some of them are prejudiced against the PDS because they 
believe perhaps that the party still has something to do with 
the Socialist Unity Party of Germany. 
  [Huebner] Has the PDS lost the European elections in the 
west? 
  [Bisky] Yes, certainly, even though we have also made gains 
in the west.... 
  [Huebner] Minor gains. 
  [Bisky] We had twice as many votes as we had in 1990 in the 
west. 
  [Huebner] However, in 1990, the party hoped to gain a 
foothold in the west by the end of this election period. This 
has not materialized. 
  [Bisky] You are right. Nonetheless, and for this very 
reason, we will intensively continue our election campaign in 
the west. I think we have a chance of getting a million votes 
in the old federal laender. 
  [Huebner] The PDS is attempting to become an all-German 
party; its election results say just the opposite. 
  [Bisky] This is partly attributable to the fact that the 
results in the east are continuously improving. I do not 
deplore this. The reason we got so few votes in the west is the 
fact that it is extremely difficult to be accepted there. The 
people there have very strange ideas about the PDS. We are a 
somewhat unknown party there; we can do nothing but go there, 
organize meetings, and inform people. 
  [Huebner] The PDS started at zero in the west in 1990. If 
the party has not made much progress since then, should you not 
have a closer look at the way you were trying to expand to the 
west? 
  [Bisky] I do not dispute this. But if I knew a better way 
to gain a foothold there, I would make use of it. We do not 
have the ideal method guaranteeing prompt success. Therefore, 
we have to pursue the difficult road. 
  [Huebner] Following the European elections, what is more 
realistic for the Bundestag elections -- to overcome the 
5-percent hurdle, or get at least three direct seats? 
  [Bisky] At any rate, the direct seats. We see this in east 
Berlin where we had excellent results in the three promising 
constituencies, and in a number of other cities. However, with 
4.7 percent on a republic-wide basis, the 5-percent hurdle is no 
longer a distant goal. 

