BFN 

<F P=106> [By reporter Ji Jincheng (1323 6651 2052)] </F>
  [Text] Shanghai, 6 Jun (XINHUA) -- While experiencing a 
great margin of economic growth last year, Shanghai city 
witnessed a remarkable drop in discharges of industrial waste 
water and waste gases. However, the city's solid waste 
discharge increased in 1993. These are facts revealed in the 
"1993 Communique on Shanghai City's Environmental Situation" 
recently released by the Shanghai Municipal Environmental 
Protection Bureau. 
  The communique says that Shanghai scored a GNP of 51 billion 
yuan in 1993, an increase of 14.9 percent over the 1992. Its 
industrial growth was 16.8 percent in 1993. Meanwhile, 
Shanghai's annual industrial waste water discharge was 1.28 
billion tons in 1993, a drop of 6.5 percent from the 1992 
record. The volume of industrial waste water treated in 1993 
reached 1.09 billion tons, representing an increase of 5.5 
percent over 1992. The discharges of major pollutants in 
industrial waste water witnessed a drop in 1993 from the 1992 
record. Last year, the city consumed 32.736 million tons of 
coal, a slight increase over 1992. In 1993, Shanghai's total 
discharge of waste gases amounted to 423.05 billion cubic 
meters, including 385.92 billion cubic meters of industrial 
waste gases, representing a drop of 17.2 percent and 12.6 
percent respectively from the 1992 record. The discharges of 
major pollutants in waste gases decreased to various extents, as 
compared with 1992. Industrial solid wastes increased by 4.9 
percent over 1992, reaching 11.98 million tons. 
  In terms of Shanghai's environmental quality in 1993, the 
communique has the following overall evaluation: The quality of 
water and air is better than 1993 but there is little progress 
in reducing noise. 

