BFN 

<F P=106> [By Mark Bode] </F>
  [Text] Chinese snakeheads have taken over the illegal 
immigrant trade from their Hong Kong counterparts and are 
ferrying thousands of mainlanders into Hong Kong by sea. Marine 
Police South Division commander at Aberdeen John Cox said 
importing illegals was big business for snakeheads, but the 
involvement of Hong Kong residents in the practice had died down 
dramatically. 
  "Hong Kong people were heavily involved in the smuggling of 
IIs [illegal immigrants] here in the 1980s but we haven't 
arrested a Hong Kong person in connection with this sort of 
thing in a long time," Mr Cox said. He said the preferred 
smuggling route now seemed to be by sea. 
  Last year, police arrested 21,003 illegals arriving by boat, 
compared with 12,373 using overland routes. In 1992, 17,891 
were arrested arriving by sea and 15,812 by land. In 1991, only 
10,023 were arrested arriving by sea and 14,066 by land. 
  Mr Cox said Hong Kong smugglers had virtually abandoned the 
illegal immigrant trade in favour of smuggling electrical 
products, which were much more profitable. "I don't know what 
the Chinese officials are doing to combat snakeheads, but it's 
hard for us to do anything about them." 
  Last year, 37,517 illegal immigrants were arrested--an 
increase of more than 5 per cent on the 35,645 illegals arrested 
in 1992. Police said the arrests reflected a small percentage of 
illegals entering the territory. 

