BFN 

  [Text] Seoul, June 22 (YONHAP) -- Foreign Minister Han 
Sung-chu said on Wednesday he believes an inter-Korean summit 
meeting and the third-round U.S.-North Korea talks would take 
place before long. 
  In an interview at the Foreign Correspondents Club in Seoul, 
Minister Han said, "As can be seen in North Korea's reply today 
on our proposal for a preparatory meeting, the North Koreans' 
sincerity seems higher than any other time in the past." 
  Han said South Korea does not oppose any improvement by the 
United States of its relations with North Korea. "We see no 
reason why we should oppose North Korea being recognized as a 
normal country duly fulfilling international obligations and 
engaging in normal diplomatic activities," the minister said. 
  He added, however, that sanctions would continue to be 
promoted at the U.N. Security Council until North Korea's "good 
intention" could be verified through the expected South-North 
summit and third- round U.S.-North Korea talks. 
  Regarding the issue of delving into the nuclear past of 
North 
Korea, Han said the question cannot be overlooked under any 
circumstances. "This is something on which light should be shed 
without fail through, for example, U.S.-North Korea talks," he 
said. 
  Stating that both the inter-Korean summit and third-round 
U.S.- North Korea talks are important, Minister Han said that if 
either of the talks fail, there would be no way but to revert to 
the course of taking sanctions against North Korea. 

