Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Ankara -- Bad news about fiscal accounts on 
Wednesday [2 February] followed Turkey's two week long monetary 
crisis that led to the resignation of the Central Bank governor 
on Monday. 
  Finance Minister Ismet Atilla disclosed that Turkey's 
year-end (consolidated) budget deficit tripled from TL [Turkish 
lira] 43.6 trillion ($2.52 billion) in 1992 to TL 129.4 trillion 
($7.5 billion) in 1993. 
  Turkish financial markets have been shattered by the rapid 
depreciation of the national currency and by serious imbalances 
in monetary management since Jan. 15. 
  The actual budget gap during the whole of 1993 deviated by a 
significant 242.7 percent from the original programme target of 
TL 53.3 trillion. 
  Fiscal authorities produced an additional budget of TL 84 
trillion last November and foresaw further deficits of TL 64 
trillion. 
  Atilla told the Anatolia news agency that budget revenues 
accounted for 73.6 percent of expenditures in 1993. He said 
total budget receipts rose 102.1 percent to TL 359.8 trillion, 
falling short of expenditures worth TL 489.2 trillion. Turkey 
spent 37 percent (TL 169.5 trillion) of its overall budget 
expenditures on public salaries. 
  Transfer payments amounted to TL 226.7 trillion (46.4 
percent) in 1993. 
  Turkey's fiscal balances have worsened rapidly since early 
1993. Domestic debt stock climbed to an all-time high of TL 350 
trillion in the first 11 months of the year, up from the 
original target of TL 250 trillion for the entire year. 
  Economists cite five sources of the mushrooming deficits in 
the public sector: the state budget; state economic enterprises 
(SEEs); municipalities; agricultural cooperatives; social 
security institutions. 
  They add the government's anti-terror fight as a growing and 
even more substantial factor. Unofficial reports claim that 
Ankara spent around TL 100 trillion in fighting separatist 
terror during 1993. 

