Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Libreville, 14 Feb (AFP)--Gabon's government has 
postponed local elections for the second time citing low voter 
enthusiasm to register, the continued opposition boycott, and 
organisational problems, government daily the UNION said Monday 
[14 February] citing government sources. The latest 
postponement reschedules the election from March 27 to August 
28. The vote was initially set to go ahead on December 19 last 
year. 
  The postponement could feed political tension which exploded 
last December following the contested election victory of 
President Omar Bongo. A massive security clampdown, state of 
emergency and curfew was the government's response to violence 
which followed Bongo's election victory. Opposition parties, 
grouped in the Convention of Forces for Change (CFC), claimed 
their candidate, Father Paul Mba Abessole, won the December 5 
vote. Opposition parties immediately said they would boycott 
the local elections in the aftermath of the presidential vote. 
Since then the CFC has been silent on its intentions. 
  The post election curfew and state of emergency were lifted 
Saturday. However, they would be reimposed if "agitators tried 
to sow trouble," Gabon's Defence Minister Martin-Fidele Magnaga 
said. Gabon has been trying introduce computerised election 
rolls to avoid the confusion and claims of election rigging that 
surrounded the presidential vote. 

