BFN 

  [Text] Santo Domingo, 10 Jun (AFP) -- Today, Dominican 
Cardinal Nicolas Lopez Rodriguez criticized the presence of U.S. 
soldiers to monitor compliance with the UN embargo on Haiti 
along the land border that separates the two countries. 
  Since 7 June, 12 officers of the U.S. Atlantic Command have 
been at the Haitian border to help Dominican border troops 
prevent primarily the smuggling of gasoline from the Dominican 
Republic. Haiti, with 9 million inhabitants, and the Dominican 
Republic with close to 8 million, share the Caribbean island of 
Hispaniola. 
  "If it is true they are here, they should not stay here 
long," Cardinal Lopez Rodriguez commented upon leaving a church 
at the end of a service to bless new parish members. Monsignor 
Lopez Rodriguez criticized the policy the United Nations and the 
United States have followed up to now to remove the military who 
control Haiti, adding that "it seems those people do not 
understand the situation." 
  "It seems to me we do not need meddling," the Dominican 
cardinal also said. He added that he is opposed to the 
reinstatement of toppled Haitian President Jean-Bertrand 
Aristide. "Those people starving to death are not to blame for 
what is happening," the cardinal said. 
  He commented the desirable thing would be for the United 
Nations to promote a peace plan "that involves nations, not 
states because there is justified concern over the United States 
in Latin America." 

