BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Brussels correspondent Baudouin Bollaert: "RPR </F>
Members of European Parliament Go It Alone"] 
  [Text] Despite the commitment made at the beginning of the 
European election campaign, the 14 RPR [Rally for the Republic] 
members elected as part of the Baudis [majority's "Union"] list 
will not join the European Peoples' Party (EPP) group in 
Strasbourg. Rather than embracing the largely federalist 
Christian Democrat family, they decided to create a new, 
independent parliamentary group, modeled on the RDE (Rally of 
European Democrats), whose president in the previous Parliament 
was Gaullist Senator Christian de la Malene. 
  This decision was made two days ago, that is, even before 
Dominique Baudis and other elected list leaders were scheduled 
to meet with [French Prime Minister] Edouard Balladur at the 
Hotel Matignon. LE FIGARO has been told that the RPR 
Eurodeputies will team up with seven Fianna Fail members 
(Ireland), three Portuguese MP's belonging to Mr. Monteiro's 
center-right Nationalist Party, and two or three Greek MP's 
close to Mr. Samaras and "New Democracy." 
  In total, according to reliable sources, 26 to 27 deputies 
will advocate a Europe of Nations as opposed to a supranational 
Europe. The same source adds that the 14 RPR deputies will 
defend "France's position in Europe" while attempting to update 
the "Gaullist message." Neither the new group's name (the RDE 
acronym may be retained) nor the name of its president are known 
yet. All this will become official during the new Parliament's 
first session, to be held from 19 to 22 July in Strasbourg. 

