BFN 

  [Text] Seoul, May 18 (YONHAP) -- Five North Koreans who had 
escaped from North Korean logging camps in Siberia arrived at 
Kimpo International Airport on Wednesday afternoon via a third 
country. It is the first time for the Seoul government to allow 
North Korean loggers to resettle here through lawful means. 
  Foreign Ministry Spokesman Chang Ki-ho said, "the five North 
Korean loggers who had escaped to member countries of the 
Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) arrived in Seoul today 
after going through a lawful procedure. 
  "As they wanted to seek refuge in South Korea, the 
government 
decided to allow their resettlement here from a humanitarian 
point of view." The five were identified only by their names -- 
Choe Chong-nam, Kim Tong-un, Kim Sung-chol, Paek Ho-chol and Won 
Yu-chin. 
  Chang said he would not disclose no other detailed 
information about how the loggers could flee and reach Seoul, 
"in consideration of the position of concerned CIS countries and 
the personal safety of related people. Their arrival here 
reflects the government's strong will to put in practice a new 
diplomacy based on respects for freedom and human rights as a 
civilian government," he said. "The government will continue to 
maintain the position." 
  The loggers will get vocational training at a vocational 
education organization for a period so that they can adapt 
themselves to South Korean society, in addition to receiving 
some amount of money for resettlement here according to the law 
to protect North Koreans who defect to the South, a government 
official said. 

