BFN 

  [Text] Monrovia, 13 May (AFP) -- No negotiations have been 
planned between the National Patriotic Front of Liberia [NPFL], 
the main armed faction in Liberia, and the Liberian Peace 
Council [LPC], an armed militia which has been harassing the 
NPFL for over eight months in the southwest of the country, an 
NPFL spokesman in Monrovia, John Richardson, told AFP today. 
  The beginning of discussions this week between the front and 
the LPC was announced on 6 May by the transitional government's 
information minister, Joe Mulbah, a former NPFL spokesman. 
  "We were not informed of this decision. Meeting the LPC 
would be tantamount to recognizing it. This would only 
encourage the formation of other armed groups," Mr. Richardson 
said. 
  Formed in 1993, the LPC is not a signatory to the peace 
accords concluded two months earlier between the NPFL; the 
United Liberation Movement [ULIMO], an armed faction; and the 
former Interim Government of National Unity [IGNU]; to put an 
end to the civil war that has been going on since December 1989. 
  Following these accords, a presidential council, a 
government, and a transitional asssembly were set up with the 
participation of the three factions that signed the accords. 
  The disarmament of all the combatants, which should have 
taken place simultaneously, was suspended due to persistent 
confrontations between the NPFL and the LPC on the one hand, and 
rival ethnic clans within ULIMO on the other. 
  Mr. Richardson confirmed today that the NPFL had "stopped 
disarming, owing to the inability of the Economic Community of 
West African Cease-Fire Monitoring Group [ECOMOG] to stop the 
fighting between the NPFL and the LPC, and the tribal clashes 
within ULIMO." 
  He stressed that his organization, however, confined itself 
to "a defensive position, in order to prevent those who want to 
derail the peace process." 

