Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["Pool" item] </F>
  [Text] Belgrade, March 12 (TANJUG)--Speaker of the Bosnian 
Serb Parliament Momcilo Krajisnik said on Saturday that a 
federation of Serbs with Moslems and Croats in Bosnia is 
"unnatural, illogical and unacceptable," but that the Bosnian 
Serb Republic would agree to talks as "a contribution to a 
future constructive approach to the resolving of the 
Bosnia-Herzegovina crisis." 
  "We do not accept a federation, but we accept talks on a 
new, 
future modality for linking Serbs, Croats and Moslems," 
Krajisnik said in a statement to the local radio in the Serbian 
town of Jagodina. 
  Krajisnik, however, warned that Bosnian Serbs would "attend 
such talks when the European Union, which we no longer trust, 
fulfills the promises it gave during negotiations so far." 
  Bosnian Serbs, Moslems and Croats have been waging a bitter 
war since April 1992 in the former Yugoslav Republic of Bosnia- 
Herzegovina. Under strong pressure from the U.S., Bosnian 
Moslems and Croats signed an agreement in Washington last week 
on a federation of the territories which they control in Bosnia, 
which would later enter into a confederation with the also 
former Yugoslav Republic of Croatia. 
  In his statement to Radio Jagodina, Krajisnik said that 
Bosnian Serbs have an "absolutely negative stand" regarding 
Turkey's request to send its troops to Bosnia as part of the 
United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR). 
  Krajisnik said that Turkey had once been an occupying force 
in the territory of Bosnia-Herzegovina, that it was "completely 
biased" and had "demanded the bombing of Serb positions in 
Bosnia." 
  "The presence of Turkish forces in Bosnia, even if only on 
the line of demarcation between Moslems and Croats, is not 
welcome and would mean a new fanning of the war," Krajisnik 
warned. 

