Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The creation of an International Judicial Assistance 
Office, involving the United Nations and each country of the 
continent, to promote the exchange of information that may 
contribute to complete investigations into cases of drug 
trafficking, was approved during the recent South American 
Antidrug Convention. This was an initiative of the Peruvian 
delegation. 
  Information on this important agreement was disclosed by 
Ernesto Vera Tudela, member of the 11th Lima Criminal Superior 
Court, who represented Peru together with Victor Prado, Judge 
Irma Simeon, and prosecutor Loayza y Sanchez of the Attorney 
General's Office. 
  The convention was held in Bogota, Colombia, and had the 
merit, thanks to Peru, of implementing an agreement that was 
signed but never enacted in 1988, when the first proposal to 
create a Judicial Assistance Office of these characteristics was 
made. 
  Vera Tudela said that the Peruvian proposal was approved and 
received the congratulations of the Colombian Justice Minister 
himself, in view of the fact that offices of this nature, at a 
continental level, are currently necessary to provide 
information requested by any Judicial Branch of the area in 
order to be able to complete an investigation. 
  Vera Tudela commented: "Police investigations were only 
coordinated through Interpol, but we lack a coordination between 
Judicial Branches in order to be able to complete investigations 
which many times reach a stalemate because the necessary 
evidence or information is retained in another country." 
  He added that the purpose is to create this office at a 
Judicial Branch level so that it can encourage the signing of 
conventions and agreements of public need, to allow the 
clarification not only of drug trafficking crimes but also 
crimes against the state, trafficking in minors, etc. 

