BFN 

  [Text] Hanoi VNA April 25 -- Today UN High Commissioner for 
Refugees [HCR] Sadako Ogata who paid him a courtesy visit on her 
working visit to Vietnam. 
  Madam Sadako Ogata informed the Vietnamese prime minister of 
her special programme for the repatriation of Vietnamese who had 
fled the country for various reasons and voluntarily returned 
ensuring that in the two years 1994 and 1995 almost the rest 
60,000 vietnamese will repatriate. 
  The present economic development in Vietnam is a favourable 
condition for repatriates to settle down on a new life, the HCR 
official said, pledging that the HCR would make efforts to 
financially support the implementation of the agreement between 
the HCR and the Vietnamese Government. 
  Speaking to his guest, Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet said that 
Vietnam is ready to receive voluntary repatriates and has taken 
active measures to help them integrate in the community life. 
He also expressed his wish that the HCR and countries hosting 
Vietnamese nationals protect their dignity and safety, and at 
the same time continue providing Vietnam with financial 
assistance for the early fulfilment of the programme on the 
repatriation of Vietnamese refugees. HCR assistance, he 
stressed, will significantly contribute to the intitial 
stabilization of life and creating jobs for the repatriates. 
  He also availed himself of this opportunity to thank the HCR 
for its effective assistance in the organisation of repatriation 
for voluntary returnees. 

