BFN 

<F P=106> [Reports by Raghidah Dirgham in New York, Sulayman Nimr in </F>
Sanaa, Iqbal 'Ali 'Abdallah in Aden, and 'Abdallah al-Hajj in 
Jeddah: "U.S. Pressure To Prevent Storming of Aden"] 
  [Excerpts] Northern military pressure on Aden continued 
yesterday. The city was the target of heavy shelling. [passage 
omitted] 
  AL-HAYAH learned yesterday that Washington was exerting 
pressure to prevent the storming of Aden but it also preferred, 
at least for the time being and in order to facilitate political 
solutions, not to impose political isolation on the north. 
  Meanwhile, circles of former President 'Ali Nasir Muhammad 
yesterday broke their silence and reaffirmed his refusal to 
assume any leadership responsibilities in Yemen while the 
infighting and secessionist activity continued. They also 
emphasized that 'Ali Nasir Muhammad's supporters had nothing to 
do with the current conflict. They added that he urged all 
parties to stop shelling Aden. [passage omitted] 
  AL-HAYAH has learned from Arab sources in contact with the 
U.S. Administration that Washington was beginning to "lose its 
patience" with Sanaa because of its continued bombardment of 
Aden. They said that Washington "opposes the storming of Aden 
and at the same time advises the other side and the states of 
the region to be patient and to play a calming role." 
  The sources also said that, while Washington was firm about 
the need to control Sanaa and prevent it exploiting [UN 
Secretary General special envoy] Brahimi's mission to complete 
its military resolution of the situation, it was advising the 
regional states concerned to delay playing the "secession 
recognition" card in order to avoid the hardening of positions 
and military escalation, and "urging that Sanaa should not be 
isolated at this stage." [passage omitted] 

