BFN 

  [Excerpts] President Milan Kucan returned at noon from an 
unofficial visit to the United States, where he met with U.S. 
Vice President Al Gore. Here is a report by Vojko Plevelj: 
  [Begin recording] [Plevelj] [Passage omitted] In 
Washington Kucan's discussions with U.S. Vice President Al Gore 
were mainly about bilateral contacts. They both favored the 
most rapid harmonization possible of the legal bases for mutual 
economic cooperation. Vice President Gore also paid tribute to 
Slovenia for all the achievements in the period of independence 
and expressed a readiness to assist in the development of small 
businesses. He congratulated Slovenia on today's signing of the 
Partnership for Peace plan. 
  Continuing his statement, President Kucan first rejected the 
criticism that he had deliberately travelled abroad at the time 
of crucial events at home by saying that he had received the 
invitation for this visit last August. He explained his outlook 
on these events as follows: 
  [Kucan] I do not believe that in a democratic parliamentary 
democracy the replacement of a minister at the proposal of the 
prime minister is something that should oblige me to postpone or 
interrupt a trip abroad. 
  I have spoken on several occasions about the events that led 
to this replacement, especially about what I believe are 
unacceptable methods of political work that divide rather than 
unite Slovenes. If the State Chamber so decides, then I believe 
that it is my duty to explain my views in the State Chamber, 
also. 
  I consider the prime minister's proposal legitimate, very 
sober, and well-grounded. I respect the decision of the State 
Chamber as I would have respected it had it been different. 
[end recording] 

