BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Guillermo Rodriguez] </F>
  [Excerpts] The Fourth Ibero-American Summit is about to 
end. Here are some of the conclusions: Firm steps have been 
taken for a commercial integration between Colombia and Central 
America. This means in the next few years we will be able to 
place our goods and services in those countries, paying less 
taxes. Second, Latin American unity has been reaffirmed. 
Third, Cuba's strongman, Fidel Castro, became upset and annoyed 
because he did not get a resolution of support from Latin 
America condemning the U.S. economic blockade against the 
island. [passage omitted] 
  President Cesar Gaviria Trujillo has said the agreements 
reached during this fourth summit will be documented. He said: 
We will strengthen those agreements, and the OAS will be a good 
venue to carry out strategies to promote investments and trade 
as measures to combat poverty. 
  A few minutes before the closing ceremony, the Paraguayan 
Government proposed the creation of a Latin American institution 
of credits for exports, the main objective of which will be to 
facilitate insurance coverage of commercial risks derived from 
export operations among those countries; to offer protection 
against political risks in commercial transactions; to create an 
instrument for the progressive unification and integration of 
Ibero-American financial systems; and to constitute an 
additional factor of discipline and regional commercial fairness. 
  For UNICEF, the most positive aspect of the Fourth 
Ibero-American Summit has been the interest shown by all the 
presidents meeting here to put economic models at the service of 
society, the individual, and human beings. [passage omitted] 

