BFN 

  [Text] Mare Nostrum is the code name of the anti-Mafia 
operation currently underway in Sicily. The operation has led 
to over 200 preventive detention orders being issued and has 
given investigators a detailed map of the ramifications of Cosa 
Nostra in the province of Messina. Nino Amante reports: 
  [Amante] The blitz began at 0300 last night, when 1,500 
police officers and carabinieri were posted along the top of the 
Nebrodi mountain range and laid siege to the villages of 
(Dossoice) and Mistretta and the town of Barcellona Pozzo di 
Gotto, the largest locality on Messina's Tyrrhenian coast. 
  Through half-closed windows the local inhabitants were able 
to see one of the most imposing anti-Mafia operations ever 
carried out in Sicily. Judges issued 222 preventive detention 
orders for a large number of different charges -- from criminal 
association to arms and drugs trafficking, and to extortion. 
However, there is also talk of some 40 murders. Thus far, 125 
people have been arrested. A further 40 managed to avoid 
capture; 53 alleged mafiosi who are already in prison on other 
charges were served with fresh arrest warrants. 
  During the operation there were moments of high tension. For 
instance, one officer, Paolo Passaniti, 26, suffered a slight 
head wound when he was shot by Gaetano Farranda, one of the 
wanted men who was trying to avoid capture. The operation 
netted arms and explosives and a number of carabinieri uniforms. 
  Last night's operation, which was codenamed Mare Nostrum, 
was 
the fruit of months of investigations which were helped by the 
confession of a well-known boss, Orlando Galati Giordano, the 
head of a clan based in Messina. 
  The clans caught up in last night's operation had close 
links 
not only with Cosa Nostra but also with the Neapolitan Camorra. 

