Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The situation remains unchanged in the Senate of the 
Republic, with a conflict between the two groups of senators who 
are vying for the Senate office. It should be noted that a 
meeting of the members of the Alliance for Parliamentary 
Cohesion [ACP] was held on 11 March. The Alliance is attempting 
to mend its own divisions. On 11 March, the members and 
dissidents of this parliamentary bloc held their meeting in the 
Diplomatic Room of the Legislative Palace. 
  In a communique issued after the meeting, the members of the 
Alliance asserted that they had made a commitment to refrain 
from making any statements likely to undermine the moral 
integrity of any member of the bloc. They agreed to work without 
respite to find a solution acceptable to all parties involved in 
the crisis in the Senate as soon as possible. They also asserted 
that only the president of the Alliance, Senator Dejean 
Belizaire, elected in the contested 18 January 1993 elections, 
could engage the Alliance in news briefings. 
  This is an update of the situation in the Senate, a 
situation 
of conflict in which the U.S. Embassy also took a stand in 
choosing to back the camp of Sen. Firmin Jean-Louis. The U.S. 
Embassy spokesman, Stanley Scharger, has encouraged the Haitian 
legislators and those elected on 18 January to respect the New 
York pact while awaiting the decision of an arbitration 
committee. 

