Language: <F P=105> Czech </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] As we have already informed you, Finnish Foreign 
Minister Heikki Haavisto continued his working visit to the 
Czech Republic today and gave an exclusive interview to Czech 
radio. Miroslav Konvalina was the interviewer. 
  [Konvalina] [passage omitted] At a briefing preceding our 
interview, the Finnish foreign minister said that his country 
was not applying for membership in NATO. My second question 
therefore concerned European security systems: Which would best 
suit Finland? 
  [Begin Haavisto recording, in Finnish fading into Czech 
translation] I think that, when we applied for membership in the 
European Union, we thought that if we became a member, this 
would be the best way to become part of European security 
structures. We wish to build our security with other countries 
within the framework of the European Union. This is the path we 
have chosen. 
  I also think the Partnership for Peace initiative is a good 
solution for the countries of Central and Eastern Europe. If we 
are asked to join this initiative along with the other countries 
of the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe, we 
shall certainly find a way to join it. [end recording] 
  Finally, I asked Heikki Haavisto in which areas we could 
reinforce mutual cooperation. 
  [Begin Haavisto recording, in Finnish fading into Czech 
translation] It is, naturally, very important that Josef 
Zieleniec and I had a lively political discussion. I think we 
can strenghten our cooperation in the economy and also in 
political spheres, such as within the United Nations. Your 
country is now a nonpermanent UN Security Council member. This 
provides prospects for cooperation. [end recording] 

