Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Ulaanbaatar, March 11 (OANA-MONTSAME) -- The two 
documents connected with solution of the issue of migration of 
Mongolian Kazakhs to Kazakhstan have been initialed here. These 
are the Intergovernment Mongolian-Kazakhstan Agreement on 
Procedure of Mutual Ending and Receiving Citizens of Mongolia 
and Kazakhstan at Economic Units and Organizations and the 
Inter-State Agreement on Regulation of the Issue of Employment 
and Migration of Citizens according to the Agreement. At the 
Mongolian-Kazakhstan meeting on this theme, which has been held 
recently in Ulaanbaatar, present was a group of Kazakhstan 
experts headed by the Deputy Minister of Labour of Kazakhstan G. 
Ye. Yesmukanov. As it was envisaged in the draft agreements, 
Mongolian Kazakhs, who wish to live in Kazakhstan permanently, 
before leaving for this country can stop being a citizen of 
Mongolia and become a citizen of Kazakhstan on a voluntary 
basis. And this very issue will be solved in accordance with 
the laws of the two states, the generally recognized 
international legal principles. 
  In the document also reflected is the taking by migrants of 
their own property through the country's border without paying 
any duties and taxes. In the draft agreements the fk"su edpo 
[words indistinct] concerning creation of corresponding labour 
and living conditions for migrants, conditions for their 
education and improvement of their qualification are touched 
upon. 
  Today more than 50 thousand Kazakhs-citizens of Mongolia are 
working in Kazakhstan according to the labour agreements. 

