Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article: "Around One-Third of the Export of </F>
Vladimir Oblast Has Gone to Iran"] 
  [Text] The volume of export deliveries by Vladimir Oblast 
in 1993 reached 60.4 billion rubles (R), according to revised 
data of the oblast statistical administration. According to the 
preliminary data compiled at the beginning of January, export 
comprised around R40 billion. According to information obtained 
from an unofficial source, the correction is explained by the 
contract concluded at the end of December 1993 by the Degtyarev 
Plant for the delivery of its products to Iran in a sum on the 
order of R20 billion. The relative share of export deliveries 
within the overall volume of goods produced is estimated at 5.4 
percent, as compared to 3 percent in 1992. (According to the 
data of this same statistical administration, the overall 
production volume declined by 17.3 percent in 1993 as compared 
with 1992, to a sum of R1118 million). At the same time, export 
deliveries of the machine building sector comprised 51 percent. 
Ferrous metallurgy products comprised 31 percent, textile 
products--6 percent, chemical products--6 percent, and lumber 
materials--5 percent. The number of exporter enterprises 
increased from 17 to 79. The main suppliers are the Degtyarev 
Plant, the Vladimir Tractor Plant, the Ordzhonikidze Plant, the 
Aleksandrovskiy Radio Plant and the Kovrovskiy Excavator Plant. 
The greatest relative share of export went to Iran and Germany. 
Import comprised R26.4 billion. China and Germany were among the 
main suppliers. Food products (sugar, rice, tea, canned goods) 
comprised around 30 percent of the import, grain for industrial 
processing--23 percent, consumer goods--17 percent, 
machine-technical products--10 percent, and medicines--4 percent. 

