BFN 

  [Text] Karlsruhe (DDP/ADN) -- German Foreign Minister Klaus 
Kinkel and Defense Minister Volker Ruehe were in agreement on 
Tuesday [19 April] in their plea before the Federal 
Constitutional Court in Karlsruhe for Bundeswehr participation 
in UN peace missions. Kinkel noted that peace, stability, and 
Germany's own security depend more and more on surmounting 
crises outside the area of the NATO alliance. Some 70,000 
soldiers from 68 countries are deployed in 16 areas of unrest in 
the interest of peace. In this situation, the partners expect 
Germany to provide not only financial and material support, but 
also Bundeswehr participation. Germany bears responsibility for 
strengthening the new multilateral security architecture. 
Urgent clarification is needed of the constitutional issue 
concerning the involvement of German soldiers in Blue Helmet 
missions. Otherwise, Germany will be harmed. Kinkel expressed 
the hope that the Federal Constitutional Court will allow the 
German Government in the future to send German soldiers to help 
people in need in the interest of peace, just like the soldiers 
of other countries. 
  Defense Minister Ruehe also demanded that Germany, as a 
driving force for European integration, should not stand by as 
UN peace missions continue. Otherwise, there is a danger of 
politics being renationalized. 

