BFN 

  [Text] In occupied Kashmir, widespread demonstrations were 
staged after Juma'h [Friday] congregations today to protest 
against the Indian troops atrocities in the wake of devastation 
of military cantonment in Srinagar. The occasion coincided with 
the death anniversaries of Dr. Abdul Ahad Guru and mojahed 
Ashfaq Majid Wani, considered to be one of the earliest martyrs 
of Kashmiris' struggle. Addressing a big gathering at Jami' 
Masjid [grand mosque] in Srinagar, leaders of All Parties 
Hurriet Conference declared that they would continue to wage war 
against imposed Indian rule till the objective of the struggle 
is achieved. 
  Meanwhile, Indian troops continued their siege and search 
operations, in which many civilians were martyred and wounded. 
A large number of innocent civilians have been arrested during 
these operations. Indian troops opened indiscriminate firing on 
Srinagar- Jammu highway near Pampur, killing a bus conductor, 
Maqbul Dar. In Kangan, dead body of Abdul Ghaffar Gujjar was 
recovered, who had been taken in custody a few days back. Dead 
body of mojahed Ghulam Mohammad was recovered from Doda. 
Mojahedin in retaliation carried out attacks on military 
positions at various places. A number of Indian troops, 
including a major and a subedar [low-ranking army officer], were 
killed when mojahedin attacked a military camp in Laulab area of 
District Kupwara. 

