Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Pavel Felgengauer: "Russian Arms Trading Now in </F>
Single Pair of Hands"] 
  [Text] Another transitional period has ended for Russian 
arms sales. The previous special exporters -- Oboronprom (GIU), 
Spetsvneshtekhnika (GKU), and GUSK -- have officially ceased 
operations, and all business has been transferred to the 
Rosvooruzheniye State Company. The state company is no longer a 
part of the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations but is 
directly subordinate to the president and the government, 
although the Russian traders are housed in the same offices on 
Ovchinnikovskaya Embankment in Moscow. The state company is also 
staffed with experienced personnel from the former GIU, GKU, and 
GUSK. 
  Rosvooruzheniye was established in accordance with Yeltsin 
edict No. 507 in order to put a stop to unchecked arms exports 
and senseless competition among the special exporters. The idea 
of creating a single state company was supported by Oleg 
Soskovets, Vladimir Shumeyko, and Aleksandr Shokhin. General 
Viktor Samoylov was named general director of the state company; 
he previously served as a Russian government adviser on 
Shumeyko's staff. 
  Arms export licenses will be issued by the Ministry of 
Foreign Economic Relations licensing department, as before, but 
employees of the state company will gather all the consenting 
signatures for each transaction from the relevant departments 
(the Ministry of Defense, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the 
Foreign Intelligence Service, the Federal Counterintelligence 
Service, etc.). Total arms exports from Russia are currently at 
a level of $2 billion annually. Rosvooruzheniye will earn 
commissions of three to seven percent on each sale. It will use 
these funds to develop business (investments in the defense 
complex, participation in international exhibits, etc.). In 
General Samoylov's opinion, Russian arms trading is in good 
hands. 

