BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Slavyanka" program of the Russian Defense </F>
Ministry] 
  [Excerpts] Now for the details we promised of the visit to 
Russia by a Turkish military delegation. Aleksandr Znamenskiy 
is at the microphone. 
  [Znamenskiy] On 20 April Turkish National Defense Minister 
Mehmet Golhan arrived in Moscow on an official visit, and 
immediately held talks with Russian Defense Minister Pavel 
Grachev. [passage omitted] 
  During the talks Army General Pavel Grachev also touched on 
the question of Russian military bases in the countries of the 
CIS. Here is what he said to his Turkish colleague. 
  [Begin Grachev recording] We are going over to the 
stationing of bases [bazovoye razmeshcheniye] of our troops on 
other states' territories. We already have accord of this kind 
from Armenia, Georgia, and Azerbaijan. In Georgia we are 
planning to set up three bases, in Armenia one base [as heard], 
and in Azerbaijan not so much a base as a military facility in 
Gaballa, which is a necessary (?post) not only for Russia but 
for all states desiring peace -- it is a ballistic missile early 
warning facility. In order for this to be formalized 
legislatively, all that is needed now is political decisions by 
the leadership of our country and a legislative base from our 
legislators. [end recording] 
  [Znamenskiy] It remains to be added that Russia's military 
presence in Commonwealth states should not be regarded as a 
display of Russia's imperial ambitions. It serves the interests 
of peace. 

