BFN 

  [Text] A European Troika delegation, composed of foreign 
ministers from countries who chaired, are chairing, or will 
chair the European Union has arrived in our country on a working 
visit. They are Willy Claes, the Belgian deputy prime minister 
and minister for foreign affairs; George Papandreou, the Greek 
minister of state for foreign affairs; and Dieter Kastrup from 
Germany. They are accompanied by European Union [EU] 
Commissioner for Foreign Relations Hans van Dan Broek. 
  The delegation was welcomed at Houari Boumedienne Airport by 
Mohamed Salah Dembri, minister for foreign affairs and Ahmed 
Attaf, minister of state for cooperation and Maghreban affairs. 
  George Papandreou, the Greek minister of state for foreign 
affairs, made the following statement to journalists: 
  [Begin Papandreou recording, in Greek fading to Arabic 
translation] First, let me say that we are very happy to be here 
in Algeria. We represent the Troika of the European Union 
Presidency. As you know, we will be holding talks with your 
foreign minister, your prime minister and your president on 
various political and economic matters. [end recording] 
  The Troika delegation brings with it a message of support 
from the EU states for the economic program and the ongoing 
national dialogue in Algeria. The EU is very pleased with 
Algeria's decision to sign a standby agreement with the IMF. 
For our part, we are here to show our readiness to support the 
program of this government after having been briefed on its 
details by Algerian officials. 

