BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Dalniy Vostok" program] </F>
  [Text] Yeltsin and Chernomyrdin are two names that are 
being repeatedly mentioned in Magadan Oblast today. The oblast 
is on the verge of closing down. The economic council under the 
head of the oblast administration is preparing another package 
of documents for the government, which should help the fathers 
of the reforms to come to grips with the idea that if Russia 
wants, or rather if the government wants, to have gold it is 
essential to create a normal investment climate in Magadan 
Oblast. 
  Due to the pressure of taxes, exaggerated prices, and 
obviously deteriorating mining equipment conditions, today one 
gram of gold produced causes a loss of 20,000 to 30,000 rubles. 
If a mechanism for overcoming the crisis is not worked out this 
summer, Russia will become a witness to, and consequently a 
victim of the mass bankruptcy of Kolyma region miners. Of 
course, the miners are not twiddling their thumbs. At the just 
completed economic conference they tried to convince the 
representatives of the infrastructure to find ways to decrease 
expenditures in gold production. The infrastructure agreed to 
fix the price of fuels and transportation and to conduct price 
indexation in the future in proportion to the growth in the 
price of gold. 
  However this is a palliative and the oblast cannot extricate 
itself from this situation without Moscow. A report has 
appeared in local papers that a Magadan Oblast deputy to the 
Federal Assembly was promised support -- no more and no less -- 
in preparing a meeting with Chernomyrdin to discuss the 
inclusion of a purpose-oriented program for Magadan Oblast in 
the Federal budget. 

