BFN 

  [Text] President Glavkos Kliridhis said the best thing for 
our side in order to open the way for a correct solution to the 
Cyprus issue is Cyprus' swift accession to the European Union. 
He said that this would force Turkey to think seriously. 
  In a statement today while making Easter visits to military 
camps, Kliridhis said that the UN Security Council is now 
concerned. He added that any talks, either on the substantive 
issues or confidence-building measures, will not bear fruit 
because the Turkish side has no political will. Kliridhis said: 
The Security Council must seriously consider alternative ways 
to resolve the Cyprus issue. The president mentioned that for 
the first time it is understood that there is no political will 
for a solution to the Cyprus issue. He told reporters: If you 
ask me about the possible developments, I would say that we 
still have a long way to go. Asked about his Easter wish, 
Kliridhis said: I wish that next year we will be celebrating a 
free Cyprus along with the resurrection. 
  In a statement at ELDYK [Greek Forces of Cyprus] military 
camp, Kliridhis said that Cypriot Hellenism is not the only 
thing undergoing trials in Cyprus; the Greek nation is being 
tried as well. He thanked the officers and soldiers of their 
forces who have come here to fight for the freedom of Cypriot 
Hellenism. He also expressed the Cypriot people's love for 
Greece, stressing that Greece is above any personal 
considerations. 

