BFN 

  [Excerpts] Oslo, May 3 (AFP) -- UN Secretary General Butrus 
Butrus-Ghali suggested here Tuesday [3 May] that UN member 
countries be called on to send more soldiers to Bosnia so that 
the UN can declare the town of Brcko a UN safe haven. 
  But Butrus-Ghali, speaking at a press conference here, 
stopped short of making his suggestion into a formal request. 
"First we must study the proposal carefully, and determine what 
sort of new resources it will require. Secondly, we need more 
UN soldiers, and thirdly we need a new resolution from the 
Security Council and from NATO," he said. [passage omitted] 
  Butrus-Ghali was quick to deflect recent criticism of the 
United Nations' work in the former Yugoslavia, and denied 
comments that its efforts were a fiasco. "We have succeeded in 
preventing an open conflict in Macedonia [The Former Yugoslav 
Republic of Macedonia], and we have managed to maintain the 
ceasefire in Krajina. And we have managed to take care of two 
million refugees," he emphasized. 
  "We have not succeeded in finding a peaceful solution to the 
war in Bosnia, but setbacks should not prevent us in our work 
for a solution," he added. 
  Butrus-Ghali also underlined the growing importance of the 
UN's role in global conflicts. "With the Cold War behind us, 
the UN has the opportunity to play a stronger role. We find 
ourselves in a series of global problems, where all the 
countries are in the same boat. But the UN's strength lies in 
the support from the public opinion of the 185 member 
countries," he said. 
  During his three-day visit in Oslo, Butrus-Ghali has met 
with 
Norwegian Prime Minister Gro Harlem Brundtland, Foreign Minister 
Bjoern Tore Godal, and representatives of the parliament's 
committee on foreign affairs. 
  He also laid a wreath at the grave of the first UN Secretary 
General, Trygve Lie, at the Grorud cemetary. 
  From Norway Butrus-Ghali will travel to Geneva, and then on 
to South Africa. 

