BFN 

  [Text] Teopisca, Mexico, 31 Mar (NOTIMEX) -- Chiapas State 
Governor Javier Lopez Moreno says Ernesto Zedillo, presidential 
candidate of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), will 
support the peace agreements in Chiapas. Lopez Moreno, governor 
of the state affected since 1 January by the Zapatist National 
Liberation Army (EZLN) uprising, said Zedillo had expressed firm 
support for the fulfillment of the agreements negotiated by the 
government and rebels. At the beginning of March, Manuel Camacho 
Solis, commissioner for peace and reconciliation in Chiapas, and 
EZLN representatives agreed on several pledges through which to 
resolve the social problems which, according to the rebels, 
prompted the uprising. 
  Yesterday, Lopez Moreno disclosed that he talked on the 
telephone with Zedillo, who expressed an interest in doing away 
with the economic inequalities suffered by the state's 
inhabitants. In statements to the media during a meeting with 
residents of Teopisca, Chiapas, the governor said Zedillo Ponce 
de Leon's nomination was the best decision the PRI could make 
because most Mexicans identify with his work plan. Governor 
Lopez Moreno said Zedillo has time to continue the campaign 
initiated by slain PRI candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio and to win 
the August elections with honest and undisputable votes. 
  Lopez Moreno urged the residents of Teopisca "not to waste 
time because they have many problems" and to act immediately 
before the [words indistinct] concludes on 7 December. Lopez 
Moreno pledged to respect the decisions of those communities 
that choose to form municipal councils instead of municipal 
presidencies, and he announced that a new institutional strategy 
has been designed to resolve problems by regions. 

