Language: <F P=105> Polish </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article under the rubric "People": "Aleksander </F>
Hall"] 
  [Text] Participants of the II Conservative Party Congress 
once again elected as chairman the present leader of the party, 
Aleksander Hall. He was the only candidate for the position. 
Before the vote, he assured the delegates that only the Left is 
his enemy. At the same time, he came out in favor of cautious 
cooperation with the PChD [Party of Christian Democrats], the 
SLCh [Christian Peasant Party], and the UPR [Union for Real 
Politics], ruling out the PC [Center Accord], the ZChN 
[Christian-National Union], the PL [Peasant Accord], the UD 
[Democratic Union], and the KLD [Liberal-Democratic Congress] as 
political partners. Six of the 10 candidates recommended by Hall 
serve in the new administration of the party. 
  Born in May 1953, Hall was engaged in opposition activity as 
early as when he was in middle school. Upon completion of 
studies in history at the University of Gdansk, he was employed 
as a teacher. In 1977 he was cofounder of the Movement in 
Defense of Human and Citizen's Rights, and two years later was 
leader of the liberal-conservative Movement of Young Poland. 
After his dismissal from teaching by the authorities, he became 
an independent journalist. When martial law was declared, as a 
Solidarity activist, he went into hiding until 1984. Hall took 
part in the [April 1989] "roundtable" discussions [between the 
communist government and Solidarity]. In Tadeusz Mazowiecki's 
government, he was minister in charge of contacts with political 
parties. He left this position when he became involved in 
Mazowiecki's presidential campaign. Beginning in November 199O, 
he chaired the Forum of the Democratic Right in the UD. Hall 
left the UD and, in 1992, formed the center-right Conservative 
Party, which, within the framework of the Catholic Electoral 
Committee "Fatherland," gained no seats in the last 
parliamentary election [September 1993]. 
  Aleksander Hall is a bachelor. 

