BFN 

  [Text] Kiev, May 12 (XINHUA) -- Ukrainian President Leonid 
Kravchuk has urged the country's new parliament to postpone the 
presidential election scheduled for June 26. 
  In a letter addressed to Parliament, Kravchuk explained that 
an early presidential election has no legal foundation and will 
only intensify political conflicts and worsen the economic 
situation. 
  He proposed that the new parliament should instead draw up a 
new constitution, or a presidential law, and a local Soviet law 
to provide legal basis for the elections. 
  After the new parliament was elected, about 120 people's 
deputies called for a postponement of the presidential election. 
Some political parties and organizations have also made similar 
appeals out of different considerations. 
  The UKRINFORM NEWS AGENCY quoted Kravchuk as saying that 
intense campaigning will only intensify political conflicts 
between different parties. 
  The president said in the letter that an early presidential 
election could undermine state control over the economy and made 
it even more difficult to overcome political crisis and to carry 
out economic restructuring. 
  Kravchuk wrote the letter after the new parliament failed to 
discuss the postponement of presidential election in its first 
day of business. He had made similar calls before. 
  Meanwhile, the Central Election Commission has announced 
four 
qualified presidential candidates including President Kravchuv, 
and said it will proceed with the work of presidential election 
as scheduled. 

