BFN 

<F P=106> [Jose Maria Brunet report: "Government Satisfied at </F>
Achieving Common Front With Congress Against Corruption"] 
  [Excerpt] Madrid -- The government believes that the state 
of the nation debate was "positive." Minister of Presidency 
Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said yesterday that the cabinet examined 
the results of these parliamentary sessions and concluded that 
it was emphasized at the sessions that the government and 
parliament "have decided to tackle corruption together," through 
the approval of "a number of measures that include those the 
prime minister presented in his speech and many others from 
other groups." 
  "It is important," he added, "that the public know that 
parliament and government have decided to launch a joint 
struggle against this problem of corruption, and that both, in 
their respective areas of activity, will do everything possible 
to avert this kind of problem in their respective spheres -- 
that is, with respect to the prevention, investigation, and 
punishment of those who commit irregularities in public life." 
<H5>  Parliament's Role </H5>
  Rubalcaba stated that the epithet "positive" that the 
government gives this debate is also based on the fact that 
parliament has regained "the central role" in political life, 
and has debated society's "main concerns" -- the economic crisis 
and corruption. 
  The minister emphasized that, in his opinion, "it was 
possible to demonstrate (in the debate) that the government's 
record over the past 10 months is favorable." "This record," he 
continued, "is especially clear with respect to the struggle 
against the crisis. A parliamentary majority believes that the 
worst is over and we are beginning to have signs of recovery, 
although a section of parliament does not accept this." 
  In addition, the government believes that the debate has 
highlighted the existence of conditions of stability for 
government activity, which is especially important for 
"surmounting the (economic) crisis." "The parliamentary 
stability of government activity," he said, "has emerged 
strengthened," because "the main axis comprising the Socialist 
group and that of Convergence and Union has stood fast." 
[passage omitted] 

