Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Communique issued by the Arnulfist Party in Panama City on </F>
7 January -- read by Alfredo Arias, head of the Arnulfist 
Party's negotiating team; from "RPC Television News"] 
  [Text] Good afternoon to all the news media and the 
Panamanian people who are listening to me. The following is a 
communique released by the Arnulfist Party [PA]. 
  Over the past few months the democratic government alliance 
held talks for the purpose of nominating a presidential 
candidate who would give continuity to the government that 
emerged from the 7 May 1989 elections. 
  The PA, which has traditionally never been defeated in an 
election and which has a considerably larger membership than any 
of its ally parties, has an express mandate to head the 
presidential ticket that has been proclaimed by the National 
Directorate, the Consultative Board, and each of the provincial 
assemblies held by convention delegates across the length and 
breadth of the country, all of whom have patiently waited for 
their allies to reach a decision. 
  For the people's well-being and for the country's democratic 
future, with less time to process and present lists of 
candidates for all levels of popular election, heeding the 
demands of our fellow party members who want to begin their 
electoral campaigns with a view to the upcoming elections, and 
due to evident efforts to prolong the talks indefinitely, we 
have been forced to end the lengthy negotiation period. 
  The understanding is that the PA is now free to form new 
alliances with political parties that will join it for the 
current election campaign under the leadership of Mrs. Mireya 
Moscoso de Gruber. 
  Issued in Panama on the 7 January 1994. [applause] 

