BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by "P.S.": "April Inflation: 2.5 Percent -- The </F>
Highest This Year"] 
  [Text] According to Finance Ministry estimates, 
inflation was 2.5 percent in April -- Jerzy Chabros of the 
Financial Policies and Analysis Department told NOWA EUROPA. 
Prices on services rose the most last month. 
  The 3.4-percent increase in prices for services was caused 
first of all by an increase in fees for central heating. Prices 
on food rose by 2.7 percent, prices on alcohol -- by 1.5 
percent, and prices on nonfood articles -- by 1.7 percent. The 
increase in inflation was higher in April than in March, but -- 
just as in previous months -- a decreasing trend was observed as 
the month went by. In the first 10 days of April, inflation was 
1.6 percent, in the second 10 days -- 0.7 percent, and in the 
third 10 days -- just 0.5 percent. Food prices -- which play a 
determinant role in shaping the rate of inflation -- rose in 
similar fashion. In the first 10 days of April, these prices 
rose by 1.7 percent, in the second 10 days -- by 0.7 percent, 
and in the third 10 days -- by 0.4 percent. According to Central 
Office of Statistics data, in the last 10 days of April, prices 
rose by 2.8 percent compared with the third 10 days of March. 
Prices on potatoes and vegetables rose the most, that is by 9.3 
percent. The price of flour rose by just 0.5 percent, while the 
price of bread -- by 0.9 percent. 
  According to Reuters, Finance Minister Grzegorz Kolodko said 
Thursday [5 May] that the Polish National Bank [NBP] should slow 
down the monthly devaluation of the zloty because the 
devaluation is a factor which accelerates inflation. The 
minister also said that there is currently no need for a rapid 
devaluation of the zloty. According to NBP Deputy Chairman 
Witold Kozinski, a slowdown in the constant devaluation is 
beneficial but it is too early now to implement specific 
measures. 

