BFN 

  [Text] The provincial government held an enlarged plenary 
meeting in Guangzhou from 14 to 15 April to review the economic 
condition in the province in the first quarter of this year, 
forecast this year's economic development trend, discuss 
solutions to prominent problems in the present economic 
operation, and assign tasks for the next stage. 
  Executive Vice Governor Lu Ruihua presided over the meeting 
and delivered a concluding speech on six problems that badly 
need to be resolved in the reform and development process of the 
province. These six problems are: 
  1) It is necessary to face reality squarely and work in a 
down- to-earth manner to resolve the problem of a shortage of 
funds and the strong demand for funds. 2) It is necessary to 
strengthen macroeconomic regulation and control, and to keep the 
drastic rise of the general price level down. 3) It is 
necessary to stabilize grain output, strive to increase grain 
production, and stop the slump in grain output. 4) It is 
necessary to conscientiously carry out fiscal and tax reform and 
ensure a steady increase in financial revenue. 5) It is 
necessary to strictly exercise self-discipline and carry out the 
anticorruption struggle in a deep-going way. 6) It is necessary 
to properly support reforms with a view to expediting reform 
actively and appropriately. 

