BFN 

  [Text] Haikou, April 13 (XINHUA) -- China's private 
economy has geared up to enter a period of fast growth, 
according to a recent seminar held in this capital city of 
China's southernmost province of Hainan. 
  The seminar, about state policy and growing trends of 
China's 
private economy in the 1990s, was held on the basis of 
investigations conducted jointly by the Chinese Academy of 
Social Sciences and the State Administration for Industry and 
Commerce. 
  A sample survey report released at the conference indicates 
that the growth of China's private economy has begun to pick up 
speed since it was clearly put onto the track of the socialist 
market economy by the ruling Communist Party last year. 
  Figures released by the administration show that in 1989 
China had 90,000 private enterprises employing 1.85 million 
people. In 1992 some 2.32 million people were working in 
140,000 private enterprises. 
  In June last year, 2.94 million people were working in 
184,000 private enterprises, a number 31.4 percent higher than 
that for the same period the year before. 
  The report says that 1993 saw an overall expansion of 
private 
economy across the country, and the growth rate in many 
provinces exceeded 100 percent. 
  With regard to the economic power of such enterprises, the 
report says that by the end of June last year, China's 
privately-owned enterprises registered total assets of 45.29 
billion yuan, an increase of 225 percent over the same period of 
the previous year. 
  In this sense, the average registered capital of each 
enterprise rose from 126,000 yuan to 246,000 yuan in one year, 
an increase of 95 percent. 
  On the other hand, the operating scale of private 
enterprises 
has tended to grow, the report says. 
  By June 1993, 4,072 private enterprises owned assets valued 
at over one million yuan. In contrast, there were only 855 
enterprises that held more than one million yuan in assets each 
by the end of 1992. 
  As to the make-up of enterprises, by June 1993 China had 
41,549 privately-owned limited liability companies, an increase 
rate of 380 percent over June 1992. They were only 23 percent 
of China's total private enterprises but had 59 percent of the 
total registered capital in the private sector. 
  In addition, more and more private enterprises began to 
engage in high-tech sector, service trades, technological 
consulting and foreign trade. 
  Another satisfying phenomenon is that the quality of 
operators of China's private enterprises has risen, the report 
says. 
  In some of China's economically developed provinces, the 
private economy has begun to play a bigger role in local 
economic activities. Taking Guangdong as an example, 11 percent 
of the province's revenue in the first half of 1993 came from 
tax payments from private enterprises. 
  Along with their growing economic power, the report says, 
China's private enterprise owners are playing a more active part 
in the country's political affairs. 

