BFN 

<F P=106> [By Annie Thomas] </F>
  [Excerpt] Kigali, 22 Jun (AFP) -- Rwandan rebels waged a 
major offensive Wednesday [22 June] to take control of this 
capital city as France pressed ahead with controversial plans to 
intervene in the ethnic civil war. As the fighting intensified, 
the UN mission here sent its French-speaking troops out of the 
capital because of rebel warnings that all French-speaking 
soldiers could be targets in the event of French intervention. 
  The Tutsi-led Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) launched the 
offensive late Tuesday, bringing a company of reinforcements 
forward from the northeast of Kigali and pounding the city 
centre with artillery, observers in the UN Assistance Mission in 
Rwanda (UNAMIR) said Wednesday. UN military spokesman Jean-Guy 
Plante said that the fighting in Kigali was so fierce that the 
United Nations on Tuesday withdrew its observers and guards from 
the Mille Collines Hotel, which has become a refugee hostel in 
the centre of the city. 
  The United Nations has also again suspended trade-off 
evacuations of Hutus and Tutsis to relative safety from behind 
the enemy front lines, after a lull enabled the moving of two 
groups of 300 people on Monday. 
  Forty-two UN troops from Senegal, Congo and Togo left the 
capital by road for Uganda, several hours after they had been 
due to leave. Their departure was delayed as the rebels searched 
their luggage before allowing them to go. They planned to fly 
from Uganda to Nairobi. Kigali airport, jointly controlled by 
the UN mission and the rebels, remained closed on Wednesday. 
  General Romeo Dallaire, the UN military chief in Rwanda, 
decided to send the soldiers to safety after the RPF warned that 
if France launched an intervention it bitterly opposes, its men 
might not distinguish between French and French-speaking UN 
troops. [passage omitted] 

