BFN 

<F P=106> [Article by Peng Dejian [1756 1795 1696]: "Instrument for </F>
Measuring Atmospheric Coherence Length and Isoplanatic Angle"] 
  [Summary] An atmospheric coherence length 
measurer/isoplanatic goniometer was recently built by a CAS 
Anhui Institute of Optics and Fine Mechanics (AIOFM) group led 
by Research Fellow Song Zhengfang [1345 2973 2455]. This 
instrument, developed as an "863-3O8" State High-Tech Plan 
(Information Expert Topical Area) project, will provide a key 
new measurement and monitoring means for atmospheric 
comprehensive peace [i.e. nuclear test-ban] monitoring. 
Compared to the differential satellite imagery moving 
monitoring (DIMM) instrument developed by the European Southern 
Observatory (ESO), the Chinese instrument meets late-8O's 
international standards. The instrument is designed to measure 
atmospheric coherence length r by a double-optical-path 
satellite imagery moving differential method and to measure 
isoplanatic angle theta by a satellite light scintillation 
method. The prototype AIOFM instrument, completed in July 1992 
and incorporating advanced technologies such as CCD detectors 
and real-time computerized data processing, has been in trial 
use at the Yunnan Observatory. Scientists there obtained over 
2000 sets of data (measurements of r and theta) on 20 different 
nights. Recently, measurements of r and theta via integration 
of Cn(h) data obtained by a temperature ripple sonde were taken 
in Hefei simultaneously with measurements taken in Yunnan via 
the new method: the average values of the two sets of data 
differed by only 7 percent. 

