Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Article By Marlene Rizk] </F>
  [Text] President Ramon J. Velasquez did not accept Finance 
Minister Carlos Rafael Silva's resignation, who has been 
threatening to leave his post if the value-added tax [VAT] is 
suspended. 
  When leaving the Miraflores Palace at 2330 last night, the 
finance minister appeared nervous and reticent. He tried to 
evade reporters by leaving by the back door, but when he 
realized that he had been detected he had no choice but to 
respond to some questions and admit that the president had not 
accepted his resignation. 
  Apparently none of the ministers who attended the meeting 
convoked by the president at 2000 last night to discuss the 
Latino Bank matter knew about the resignation. For this reason, 
it is believed that the meeting between the president and the 
finance minister was private. 
  The interview went like this: 
  [Silva] I completely disagree with the measure adopted 
yesterday by the cabinet. 
  [Unidentified Reporter] Did you resign? 
  [Silva] I spoke with the president. He did not accept it. 
  [Reporter] Do you back the decree suspending the VAT? 
  [Silva] That decree will never have my name on it. 
  [Reporter] Are you leaving your post? 
  [Silva] Not now. There are too many problems. 
  The meeting to discuss the Latino Bank matter was also 
attended by the defense minister because the Armed Forces were 
negatively affected by the bank's situation. The defense 
minister said that the Army has a 3-billion-bolivar trust in 
that bank. 
  Meanwhile, Federal District Governor Cesar Rodriguez 
reported 
that the meeting was to discuss the Latino Bank matter. The 
president of the Central Bank of Venezuela, the minister of 
coordination and planning, the superintendent of banks, and the 
president of the Deposit Guarantee Fund agreed to create work 
teams to decide what to do about the bank's liquidity situation. 
  [Reporter] Was this the only decision adopted? 
  [Silva] That and a report on the analysis made by the Bank 
Superintendency was discussed. This analysis has had 
provisional results because it has not yet checked on bank 
investments and assets. They believe that in 15 days they will 
have a clear idea about resolving the situation, but in the 
meantime partial solutions aimed at guaranteeing the public's 
savings will be implemented. 

