CSO 

  [Text] A series of computer programs for visualization of 
scientific data is made available by the Dortmund University. 
They facilitate geometrical modeling and are to simulate the 
human visual system with its wide data evaluation channel. The 
Marching-Cube procedure converts surfaces into three-dimensional 
data arrays, just as they appear in computer-aided tomography 
and in numerical simulations. The hierarchical Marching-Cube 
algorithm relaxes the burden of the original algorithm, namely 
delivering a very large number of surface elements, and thus 
speeds up the otherwise lengthy process of graphical data 
displaying. As the Specialty Department Information Engineering 
VII (Prof Dr Heinrich Mueller, 44221 Dortmund) further reports, 
a variant of the algorithm was for this purpose developed in 
Dortmund. This Marching-Hypercube algorithm, the report says, 
uses time as the additional fourth dimension. By means of 
free-form deformations and superposition of raster images it now 
becomes possible to to create a continuous sequence of 
intermediate images between every two already existing ones. The 
light simulation process, with an LCD-shutter goggles, should 
improve the form factors in the radiosity process and be more 
more precise in critical situations. 

