Article   Type:BFN 

  [Editorial Report] The following is a compilation of 
reports on Guatemalan economic developments monitored through 29 
March. 
  Six days after trading at the foreign exchange market began, 
the price of the U.S. dollar price has stabilized. On Monday, 
the exchange rate stabilized at an average of 5.81 quetzales to 
the dollar. The supply of U.S. dollars is exceeding the demand. 
Ana Lucrecia Montes Granai, head of Granai Bank's foreign 
exchange department, has reported that the new flexibility in 
the exchange policy has made it possible for the productive 
sector to buy as many dollars as it wants. (Guatemala City 
PRENSA LIBRE in Spanish 23 March 94 p 88) 
  Antonieta de Bonilla, vice president of the Bank of 
Guatemala, has reported that the system's liquidity increased 
more than 200 million quetzales after the action last week by 
the Bank stopped the public sale of foreign exchange and 
established a flexible bank market. She said that as a result 
of the authorities' decision to decentralize the purchase and 
sale of foreign exchange, the bank no longer needs to put 
Guatemalan currency into circulation. Measures to lower 
interest rates and make the exchange policy more flexible are 
part of the Monetary Board's strategy to keep inflation at 8 
percent and the economic growth rate at 4.5 percent this year. 
Prices and exchange rates have stabilized, she reported. 
(Guatemala City SIGLO VEINTIUNO in Spanish 24 March p 121) 

