BFN 

  [Text] On 25 May, the democratic association "Ukraine" 
circulated an appeal which, in particular, says that "the 
Ukrainian president's belated response to the antistate actions 
by the Crimean separatists has failed to bridle the orgy of the 
chauvinist forces on the peninsula... Reluctant moves by 
official Kiev, aimed at preserving Ukraine's territorial 
integrity, will not produce the anticipated result. The 
half-hearted measures taken by our authorities to restore the 
constitutional system in Crimea can encourage Russia to 
interfere in the domestic affairs of our state and appropriate 
the Black Sea Fleet." 
  The statement underlines that now, when the international 
situation is favorable for Ukraine, it is necessary to carry out 
a series of resolute measures which will neutralize the course 
of events in Crimea which is detrimental to our statehood. For 
this purpose, it is necessary, in particular, "to dissolve the 
antistate Supreme Council of Crimea because of or the actions 
aimed at violating Ukraine's territorial integrity; to rescind 
the resolution by the Supreme Council of Ukraine on the 
territorial autonomy of Crimea until those nations deported by 
the Soviet-Stalinist regime return to the peninsula; to 
subordinate all the power structures in Crimea to the state 
bodies of Ukraine; to break through the informational blockade 
of Crimea ensuring normal functioning of the electronic mass 
media and circulation of local Ukrainian and all- Ukrainian 
newspapers and magazines; to ensure the validity of all the laws 
of Ukraine on the territory of Crimea as a constituent part of 
the Ukrainian state; to begin negotiations with Russia on 
withdrawing all units of Russian troops and the Black Sea Fleet 
shore-based services from Crimea and the entire Black Sea coast 
of Ukraine." 

