BFN 

  [Excerpts] Addis Ababa, 24 May (KNA/PANA) -- The 
Organization of African Unity (OAU) had called for the trial of 
those responsible for the massacres and wanton killings in 
Rwanda. 
  In a message to the United Nations Human Rights Commission, 
which was to begin a special session on Rwanda in Geneva today, 
OAU Secretary General Salim Ahmed Salim said this would serve as 
a warning to other perpetrators of similar crimes. 
  "Africa and, indeed, the world in general would like to know 
the perpetrators of this heinous crime and the magnitude of 
these brutal murder and massacres which no doubt, constitute a 
crime against humanity," Salim said. 
  The Geneva session was to consider the calculated decimation 
of ethnic groups in Rwanda and consider appointing a human 
rights rapporteur for the country. It was also to consider 
stationing of human rights monitors there. [passage omitted] 
  Salim urged the commission to adopt measures to ensure that 
such crimes were not allowed to recur "not only in Rwanda but 
throughout the African continent, and elsewhere in the world". 
"Let the commission serve notice to all present and future 
perpetrators of such despicable crimes that the world will not 
allow them to get away with it and that they shall be sought 
after and be prosecuted to the full extent of the law," he said. 
  Salim welcomed the convening of the special session of the 
commission, saying it was the first time in the history of the 
U.N. that a special session exclusively devoted to matters of 
human rights violations in Africa was being convened and "on a 
country whose chequered history has been marred with bloodshed, 
senseless killings and violence". He said he hoped its session 
would "be a message of hope to the surviving victims (in Rwanda) 
that the world cares...and stands in solidarity with them in 
seeking justice on their behalf". 

