Language: <F P=105> Mandarin </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Provincial Vice Governor Wang Jianshuang met in 
Fuzhou's Wenquan Hotel yesterday evening with a 17-member U.S. 
State Department delegation headed by Assistant Secretary of 
State Robert Gelbard. 
  On behalf of the Fujian Provincial People's Government, Vice 
Governor Wang Jianshuang extended warm welcome to the visiting 
U.S. guests. Mr Robert Gelbard expressed thanks to the Fujian 
authorities for their hospitality. 
  The U.S. delegation was in China to discuss with the Chinese 
side issues like cracking down on human cargo smuggling, illegal 
emigration, and so on, and was in Fujian to inquire about the 
local situation in this connection. 
  The U.S. delegation held discussions with the relevant 
departments of Fujian Province, during which the Fujian side 
reiterated its persistent opposition to human cargo smuggling, 
illegal emigration, and other illegal activities; briefed the 
U.S. guests on its effective and fruitful work in this 
connection; expressed its willingness to strengthen 
international cooperation and join other countries in the world 
in penalizing snake-heads [ringleaders] and putting an end to 
illegal emigration. 
  The U.S. side expressed its appreciation of Fujian's efforts 
of opposing human cargo smuggling, illegal emigration, and other 
illegal activities, saying that the United States is willing to 
cooperate with Fujian in this regard. 

