BFN 

  [Text] Nanjing, June 12 (XINHUA) -- Chinese colleges and 
universities have enhanced intercollegiate cooperation and joint 
efforts with the public since the beginning of this year. 
  On May 21 this year, Nanjing University here signed an 
agreement to cooperate with China Pharmaceutical University in 
teaching, personnel training and academic exchanges. 
  Five universities in Beijing -- the University of 
International Business and Economics, Beijing Chemical 
Engineering Institute, Beijing University of Traditional Chinese 
Medicine, Beijing Institute of Clothing Technology and Beijing 
Institute of Finance -- recently agreed to open optional courses 
to each others' students, jointly tackle key academic projects, 
share research results, and jointly build student dormitories 
and sports stadiums. 
  Several universities have even merged. On May 27, three 
universities and one college in Shanghai formed Shanghai 
University. 
  Five colleges in Yangzhou city in east China's Jiangsu 
Province became one and two universities in Sichuan Province 
followed suit. 
  Some local governments and enterprises have also joined the 
construction of universities and colleges. China Astronautics 
Industry Corporation and the Beijing Municipality have recently 
declared intentions to help run the Beijing University of 
Aeronautics and Astronautics. 
  Some large enterprises are willing to aid universities and 
colleges in exchange for help in training workers. 
  The public is in favor of the trend toward running schools 
jointly, regarding it as a new measure to deepen the reform. 
Chinese Vice-Premier Li Lanqing has encouraged these colleges 
and universities, saying that their cooperation will be 
beneficial in improving educational quality, making full use of 
resources and enhancing schools' vitality. 

