BFN 

<F P=106> [By Sofia Wu] </F>
  [Text] Taipei, June 1 (CNA) -- Taiwan has emerged as the 
world's fifth largest information product manufacturer, behind 
the United States, Japan, Britain and Singapore, trade sources 
said Wednesday [1 June]. 
  Moreover, Taiwan tops the world in production of five kinds 
of computer hardware, including motherboards, mice, scanners, 
monitors and keyboards. 
  The semi-official China External Trade Development Council 
(CETRA) said Taiwan's computer hardware and software production 
amounted to US$10.8 billion in 1993. If hardware manufactured 
by overseas Taiwan-owned companies was included, total output 
reached US$12.5 billion. 
  CETRA officials said Taiwan produced 83 percent of the 
world's motherboards last year, 80 percent of all mice, 55 
percent of all scanners, 51 percent of monitors and 49 percent 
of keyboards. 
  Taiwan's information industry grew fastest between 1983 and 
1987, the officials said. During that period, annual exports of 
information products rose by an average of 60 percent. 
  The export growth rate has, however, slowed since 1988 due 
to 
a worldwide economic recession, the appreciation of the new 
Taiwan dollar, rising domestic labor costs and an exodus of 
keyboard and mouse manufacturers. 
  Nevertheless, the officials said, prospects for the local 
information industry remain good because Taiwan has an abundant 
supply of computer scientists and software developers. They 
predicted that the annual growth rate of Taiwan's information 
product exports will still reach 15 percent in the years ahead. 

