Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Brother 'Ali Salim al-Bid, vice chairman of the 
Presidential Council, received yesterday in Aden brother members 
of the Political Forces Dialogue Committee. During the meeting, 
the situation and developments in the national arena were 
discussed in the light of the grave military and information 
deterioration. Brother 'Ali Salim al-Bid, the vice chairman of 
the Presidential Council, evaluated the role of the Dialogue 
Committee and the efforts which it is doing for stopping the 
great deterioration in the current situation. He emphasized the 
importance of finding ways that will secure the implementation 
of the accord document which was signed in the Jordanian 
capital, Amman, as it is the document of the national consensus 
which aims in correcting the track of the unity and promoting 
its democratic [word indistinct] and building its modern state, 
stressing the necessity of rebuffing the old attempt aiming to 
turning around from the accord document and emptying it out of 
its contents by creating a climate of tension and [word 
indistinct], which do not help except in finding the 
circumstances and atmospheres appropriate for the rise of the 
sounds of guns instead of the voice of dialogue and resorting to 
common sense. 
  Brother 'Ali Salim al-Bid drew attention to the dangers of 
dragging the country into the tunnel of tension and infighting. 
He urged the national Dialogue Committee on the necessity of 
investigations in the breaches which were made after the signing 
of the accord document and in the crimes done against the 
soldiers and the innocent sons of our people who fell drenched 
in blood in the incidents witnessed by Abyan Governorate the 
next day after the signing of the accord document and the bloody 
incidents which the (?36th) Infantry Brigade the [word 
indistinct] was exposed to on 26 and 27 February 1994. He urged 
the Dialogue Committee of the necessity of taking a stand 
towards these irresponsible acts which not only destabilize the 
security and stability of the country, but also threaten the 
social peace and work on pulling the country into the furnace of 
the destruction of war, and also threaten the security and 
stability in the region and damage the national and 
international (?interests in it). 
  Brother the vice chairman of the Presidential Council gave a 
directive with the necessity of putting the official mass media 
under the guidance of the Information Committee, emanating from 
the National Guidance Committee with effect from Tuesday, 1 
March 1994. He also urged the Military Committee emanating from 
the Political Forces Dialogue Committee to make field visits to 
the regions of tension and infighting and particularly to the 
regions of Mudiyah, Mukayras, and al-Bayda for removing the 
atmospheres of tension and stopping the deterioration in the 
military and security aspects and preventing any new military 
manifestations or movements with coordination with the joint 
Military Committee, and coordinating their efforts with the aim 
of [word indistinct] war and restoring peace, security, and 
stability to the entire homeland. 

