BFN 

  [Excerpt] Cairo, 3 May (MENA)-- Engineer Fayiz Zaydan, 
director general of the Palestinian civil aviation and the 
Palestinian airlines, has stated that the Palestinian and 
Israeli sides have agreed to build airports in Gaza and Jericho. 
He said that regular domestic flights will operate between Gaza 
and Jericho. International flights will begin operation between 
these two cities and various parts of the world as soon as the 
runways are built and the airports equipped with the necessary 
air navigation equipment needed for take offs and landing of 
jets and propeller aircraft early next year. 
  Zaydan added that the Palestinian civil aviation authority 
will build temporary landing strips as soon as the Israeli 
troops withdraw from and the Palestinian police deploy in Gaza 
and Jericho. These strips will be first used for flights between 
Gaza and Jericho, and between those cities and Cairo. He added 
that flights to other capitals in the region will be negotiated 
in due time. Engineer Zaydan said that these temporary landing 
strips will be used by two 50-passenger Palestinian planes, the 
standard capacity according to the rules of air safety. He 
expects these flights to begin operation in August. 
  The Palestinian official pointed out that four 20-passenger 
planes will be set aside for the Palestinian authority officials 
to use in their travels between Gaza and Jericho. Four 
helicopters will be used by the Palestinian civil defense for 
air and sea rescue operations and for transportation. Two 
helicopters will be used by the Palestinian president and his 
guests in their trips between Gaza and Jericho. [passage 
omitted] 

