BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, April 29 (KCNA) -- The U.S. imperialists 
on April 26 and 27 mobilized Pacific-based fighter-bombers, 
pursuit-assault planes, VTOL [vertical takeoff and landing] 
assault planes, tanker planes and an early warning plane, and 
flying groups of the U.S. Airforce present in South Korea and 
the puppet Airforce in provocative joint air war exercises 
simulating a surprise strike at targets in the Northern half of 
Korea, according to military sources. 
  The exercise was staged under the command of an E-3 early 
warning plane in the skies above Nyongwol, Umsong, Kunwi and 
Ryoju of South Korea. 
  In a separate action on April 27, the South Korean puppets 
staged a missile strike exercise in the sky above the area of 
Phaju county, and exercises of support to the ground and 
airlifting on April 26 with helicopter gunships and transport 
helicopters in the skies above Phaju and Ryonchon and Cholwon, 
South Korean Kangwon Province. 
  On April 26 and 27, large-calibre artillery groups of the 
puppet Army in Phaju, Ryonchon and Cholwon Counties fired more 
than 100 shells into spots near the demilitarized zone. 
  These successive dangerous war gambles of the U.S. 
imperialists and the South Korean puppets timing to coincide 
with the "Hwarang" war exercises involving one million and 
hundreds of thousands of troops and civilians are further 
straining the situation on the Korean peninsula. 

