BFN 

<F P=106> [By Frank Longid Jr.] </F>
  [Text] Leaders of the Rebolusyonaryong Alyansang Makabansa 
[RAM] yesterday cited red tape in government as one of the most 
daunting hurdles in the peace process, saying this may undermine 
the sincerity of government negotiators. 
  Earlier, Ambassador Manuel Yan, presidential adviser on the 
peace process, had singled out the bureaucracy as one of the 
problems facing participants in the peace process. 
  He cited red tape as the reason behind the slow release of 
funds to the government negotiating panels. 
  Another official involved in the peace process said that if 
not for the initiative of some panel members, "the adverse 
effect of the bureaucracy on the peace process might have been 
worse than what has been reported so far." 
  Speaking at the Fernandina breakfast forum, RAM leaders 
again 
pointed to the fact that it took the government and RAM panels a 
year to thresh out "procedural matters." 
  Capt. Danilo Lim, RAM panel spokesman, said the delay in the 
peace talks between government and RAM was "purely bureaucratic." 
  "For example," he said, "it took three months to settle the 
issue on whether or not we could carry firearms for our own 
security, despite the fact that the government panel chairman 
himself, Prof. Alfredo Tadiar, had said this was a reasonable 
request." 
  RAM leaders also reiterated their call for "full-time 
negotiators" to sit on the government panel. "Kami, puwede 
kaming kausapin [They can talk to us], anytime," said Navy Capt. 
Proceso Maligalig, chairman of the RAM secretariat. 
  On the other hand, he said government panel members have 
"other duties" to fulfill other than negotiating with the RAM. 
"Yung pag- uusap, parang naging collateral duties lang [The 
peace talks seem to become their collateral duties]." 

