BFN 

  [Text] The UN secretary general's special representative to 
Rwanda, Dr. Jacques Roger Booh-Booh, has been told to move from 
Rwanda to Nairobi, Kenya. The instructions have been given by 
the UN secretary general, Dr. Butrus Butrus-Ghali. The Rwandan 
Patriotic Front [RPF] has been calling for the withdrawal of Dr. 
Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh from Rwanda because Dr. Booh-Booh has 
been biased against the RPF. While attempting to implement the 
Arusha peace agreement, Dr. Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh fought very 
hard to include the CDR [pro-Habyarimana's Coalition for the 
Defense of the Republic] into the broad-based transitional 
national assembly. 
  CDR is a political party of extremists which violated the 
Arusha peace agreement immediately after the agreement had been 
signed. Dr. Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh has also participated in the 
setting up of the current illegitimate government in Rwanda, a 
government of extremists which is behind the massacres that have 
been going on in Rwanda. Dr. Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh was so 
close to the extremist political group of President Habyarimana 
to the extent that Dr. Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh compromised his 
role as a mediator between the RPF and the Rwandan Government. 
  The RPF has said that it will not cooperate in any UN 
activities in Rwanda until Dr. Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh is 
withdrawn. 

