BFN 

  [Text] Baghdad, June 5, INA -- Prices of commodities 
particularly foodstuffs and vegetables have went down over the 
last few days since President Saddam Husayn has assumed 
premiership in addition to presidency. 
  Markets of vegetables and foodstuffs have seen a steady 
decrease in prices following the assumption of premiership by 
President Saddam Husayn. 
  Prices of vegetables have registered clear decrease, a kilo 
of tomatoes has decreased from 25 dinar to 12 ID [Iraqi dinar], 
while a kilo of potatoes went down to 30 ID while it was 50 ID, 
water melon price decreased from 80 to 30 ID per kilo. Also 
prices of foodstufffs such as cooking oil, sugar, flour and rice 
have gone down. 
  The increase in prices of commodities is attributed to the 
continuation of the sanctions which prevent Iraq from exporting 
its oil and eventually preventing it from importing even the 
foodstuffs. 
  The assumption of President Saddam Husayn to the premiership 
has led to this decrease in price of commodities. 
  Since his assumption of premiership, a few days ago the 
president has taken many steps to bring down prices. 
  The president has ordered to increase quotas of certain 
foodstuffs which are distributed by the government to every 
Iraqi within the ration system. 
  The amount of cooking oil increase of from 625 grams per 
capita per month to 750 grams. The president has also ordered 
the increase of the additional quota of cooking oil granted by 
government to civil servants from 1.5 kilo to 2 kilos. 
[sentence as received] 

