BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Manki Ponomarev: "Bill Clinton: The Armed </F>
Forces Will Be Provided With Everything"] 
  [Text] Not so long ago I wrote about U.S. President Bill 
Clinton's statement during an international television linkup in 
which he outlined the three main components of his foreign 
policy to many millions of viewers. Then the head of the White 
House placed in first place the postulate that U.S. military 
strength must be maintained "at the proper level." 
  Clinton reaffirmed his adherence to this postulate at a 
meeting with the crew of the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier 
George Washington. The President reminded the sailors listening 
to him that, despite the ending of the Cold War, there are still 
numerous sources of military threat in the world. "We have to 
resolve tasks which remain complex," he said, "maybe not 
opposing armies which threaten our existence but defending our 
security and expanding the boundaries of blessed freedom." 
  In setting the armed forces tasks, the leader of the 
Washington administration emphasized that it is very important 
for the United States to support its military-industrial 
complex, "because to this day it defends the security of the 
greatest nation in the history of the world." Therefore, as 
President, he is full of "immutable, absolute" determination to 
provide servicemen with everything they require to efficiently 
fulfill their mission. "You deserve this," Bill Clinton 
declared, addressing the entire personnel of the U.S. Armed 
Forces from on board the aircraft carrier. "We need your 
devotion to the cause. We need your talent." 

