CSO 

<F P=106> [Unattributed report: "Draft Privatization Program Submitted </F>
to Parliament"] 
  [Text] The president of Azerbaijan has approved and 
submitted for the consideration of the National Assembly the 
draft privatization program for the year 1994 prepared by the 
republic's State Property Committee. 
  As an AZERTADZH correspondent was told in the State Property 
Committee, the draft envisages privatizing over the current year 
about 8,000 enterprises in the services sphere, trade, and 
health care, as well as a number of unfinished construction 
projects and enterprises engaged in production. Privatization of 
large and medium-size enterprises will be done through 
conversion to joint-stock holding; the rest will be sold into 
private ownership--individual or collective. 
  To distribute state property among the population it is 
envisaged allocating each citizen of Azerbaijan, regardless of 
age, a certain amount of money, or shares, through special 
accounts in banks, the amount of which will be indexed in 
keeping with inflation. The owners will be able to use them only 
for privatization purposes--buying enterprise stock. They will 
be able to purchase the latter both directly at enterprises or 
through state or private investment funds, which will be set up 
as soon the privatization program is adopted. 
  The State Property Committee staff expressed the hope that 
the deputies will speedily approve the privatization program, 
which will give an impetus to real reform of the Azerbaijani 
economy. 

