Language: <F P=105> Thai </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Speaking of the recent bombing incident in Bangkok, 
Pratyathawi Tawethikun, deputy permanent secretary of the 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said that the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs received information about it before the explosives were 
uncovered, but no exact date, time, and place of operation were 
known. Therefore, it was difficult to prevent the incident. 
However, more preventive measures are now required for 
important places, while cooperation is being undertaken with 
various countries in preventing serious incidents, and good 
relations are to be maintained with Middle East countries. 
  Talking about safeguarding peace and order in the country, 
Khachatphai Burutphat, deputy secretary general of the National 
Security Council, said that if everyone helps government 
authorities keep a close watch on the matter, he believed the 
acts marring public peace and order can be prevented. Besides, 
everyone is urged to have confidence in the ability of 
intelligence officials in carrying out their duties, because 
they have always been working attentively and trying to find 
ways to prevent mishaps. Additional preventive measures have 
also been implemented. 
  As for the development of the investigation into the case of 
international terrorist operations, Police General Prathin 
Santipraphop, director general of the Police Department, said 
that the arrest of the culprits seems unlikely because it is 
believed they have already left the country. However, 
cooperation has been sought with other countries that are 
expected to have a criminal background on the group of 
terrorists so that further police action can be taken to arrest 
them. 
  Meanwhile, the interior minister has called a meeting of 
officials concerned to follow up the case and find guidelines to 
prevent such incidents. 

