BFN 

  [Text] Jerusalem, May 3 (XINHUA) -- Warren Christopher, 
visiting U.S. secretary of state, said he will return to the 
Middle East in two weeks to advance peace talks between Israel 
and Syria. 
  The U.S. secretary of state made the announcement after his 
second round of talks at Prime Minister Yitzhaq Rabin's 
residence here Monday [2 May] night, according to a report of 
Israel radio today. 
  Christopher's decision is apparently based on the assumption 
that progress so far is enough to prompt him to continue his 
efforts to advance talks on Syrian track. 
  Syrian President Hafiz al-Asad told Christopher that he is 
ready for "normalization with Israel" at the end of full Israeli 
troops pullout from the Golan Heights. Israel snatched the 
piece of land from Syria in the 1967 Middle East war. 
  Christopher relayed the message to Rabin Monday morning. The 
two met again Monday night believably [as received] to exchange 
views on assessment of the situation. 
  Israeli officials say the Syrian proposals have opened a new 
chapter in peace negotiations between Israel and Syria. It 
marked the first time that al-Asad has explicitly said his 
country is willing to normalize ties. 
  "The progress on this Christopher visit to the region is 
that 
Israel spoke about withdrawal, and al-Asad spoke about 
normalization. For the first time, the U.S. feels that this may 
work, and there is enough to begin future bargaining between the 
two sides," a senior Israeli official said. 
  A senior U.S. official concurred privately that "we finally 
have substantive positions on both sides, and they are no longer 
talking slogans. There is serious engagement, but there is a 
long way to go," he said. 

