and   Features of the Flow in a Supersonic Stream 

<F P=102> 947F0093A Moscow PRIKLADNAYA MEKHANIKA I TEKHNICHESKAYA 
FIZIKA in Russian Vol. 34 No. 5 (201), Sep-Oct 93 (manuscript </F>

received 13 Nov 92) pp 41-47 
<F P=103> 947F0093A </F>
<F P=104>  Moscow PRIKLADNAYA MEKHANIKA I TEKHNICHESKAYA 
FIZIKA </F>

<F P=105>  Russian </F>
CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by V.I. Zapryagayev, S.G. Mironov, and A.V. </F>
Solotchin, Novosibirsk; UDC 533.6.011] 
  [Abstract] Studies of supersonic streams flowing from an 
axisymmetric nozzle in a nondesign mode have revealed 
unexplained azimuthal inhomogeneities in the distribution of 
their gas-dynamic parameters. One possible reason for such 
azimuthal inhomogeneity may be coherent vortex formations of the 
Taylor-Goertler vortex type. Longitudinal vortex structures have 
also been observed in the zone of interaction of a supersonic 
stream and liquid. Several publications have presented 
analytical descriptions of Taylor-Goertler instability in 
supersonic streams. The study reported herein is an expanded 
experimental investigation of the said phenomenon that includes 
sound measurements of variations in total pressure, data about 
the spectral profile of the wave numbers of three-dimensional 
inhomogeneities, and laser visualization of the stream's cross 
section. The experiments were conducted in a stream unit using 
equipment described elsewhere. The main difference between the 
present and previously reported experiments is that the 
experiments reported herein involved the use of a rotating 
nozzle, which made it possible to obtain data regarding the 
nature of the azimuthal inhomogeneities in the flow field of the 
entire stream (the range of variation of the azimuthal angle 
equaled 360 versus 57 in the previous experiments). 
The azimuthal inhomogeneities were studied in a supersonic 
underexpanded air stream flowing from an axisymmetric conical 
nozzle with a 0.02-m-diameter outlet into a submerged space. The 
stream had a Mach number of 1.5 at the outlet and, the ratio of 
the pressure at the nozzle section to the external pressure 
equaled 4.15. The Reynolds number, calculated on the basis of 
the characteristic stream velocity at the nozzle section, the 
dynamic viscosity in the submerged space, and the length of the 
first cell of the underexpanded stream, equaled 3.6 x 
10[.sup]6[/]. Because a comparison of the results obtained at 
nozzles with different degrees of inner-surface roughness 
demonstrated a link between the condition of the nozzle's inner 
surface and azimuthal inhomogeneity in the stream, the nozzles 
selected for use in the experiment had a surface rough spot 
height not exceeding 2.5 m. The intensity of the 
inhomogeneities observed differed for different azimuthal 
angles. The experiments confirmed that a significant 
inhomogeneity in the distribution of gas-dynamic parameters in 
the azimuthal direction is present in the outer part of the 
compressed layer of a supersonic underexpanded stream and that 
ignoring this fact may result in a systematic error in 
determining gas-dynamic parameters of as high as 40 percent. The 
spectral measurements of the wave numbers of three-dimensional 
inhomogeneities indicated a complex heteroscale set of 
interacting disturbances. A consolidation of the structures 
downward along the flow that was most likely caused by their 
interaction with one another and with the flow was observed. It 
was concluded that the observed quasi-periodic inhomogeneity of 
the distribution of gas-dynamic parameters along the azimuthal 
of the peripheral region of the stream is a result of 
disturbances that in all likelihood are disturbances of the 
Taylor-Goertler vortex type. Figures 6; references 18: 6 
Russian, 12 Western. 


