BFN 

  [Text] Managua, 9 May (NOTIMEX) -- Nicaraguan President 
Violeta Chamorro today denied that the United States had issued 
an "ultimatum" to her government to solve the problem of 
confiscated properties of U.S. citizens. Upon her return from 
Costa Rica, Chamorro rejected "U.S. pressure, I do not like 
pressure," while she denied that a law passed by U.S. President 
William Clinton on 30 April was an "ultimatum for Nicaragua." 
  This law, approved by the U.S. Congress on 19 April, granted 
the Latin American nations a 90-day period after its 
ratification to solve U.S. citizens' expropriations of assets. 
  Chamorro urged Former President Daniel Ortega (1985-1990) to 
return the home he lives in, being claimed by former banker 
Jaime Morales Carazo and his wife, of whom it is only known that 
she is of Mexican origin. She urged those who benefited by the 
Sandinist law-decree in 1990 during the transition period known 
as "the pinata-like" give away, to return the homes they had 
received. 
  The president acknowledged that the property conflict 
represents "a terrible problem" for which a satisfactory 
solution for all parties has not been reached. She said that 
the return of confiscated properties in the custody of the new 
owners since 1990 would help her government. The government has 
received at least 5,400 claims that involve more than 16,000 
properties of which 400 belong to U.S. citizens, according to 
official statistics. 
  Luis Humberto Guzman, president of the parliament, traveled 
to Washington to inquire about the scope of the U.S. law that 
imposes restrictions on disbursements of foreign aid to nations 
that do not solve the claims of confiscations from U.S. citizens. 
  Last weekend, Chamorro traveled to Costa Rica to participate 
in the inauguration of that nation's president, Jose Maria 
Figueres. 

