Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Major General Aleksandr Shcherbakov, deputy 
commander of the Russian Border Guards, called for signing 
international agreements on the Russian state border. 
  He told the State Duma Tuesday that the country's maritime 
frontiers with the U.S. or Japan had not been defined and that 
five out of 110 Russian Border Guard districts were outside the 
Russian Federation. 
  Parliamentary hearings on the status of the Russian border 
are underway in the State Duma Geopolitics Committee chaired by 
retired general Viktor Ustinov, Liberal Democrat. 
  Shcherbakov thought that a comprehensive federal program was 
needed for development of border areas and that work on the 
doctrine for guarding the Russian Federation's border in the 
Central Asian region had to be continued. 
  Shcherbakov said that over 3500 border infiltrators had been 
detained in 1993. Contraband worth 3.5 Bn rubles, over 700 guns 
and 4200 kg of narcotic drugs were found on them. Over 700 
people were killed when they tried to cross the Tajik-Afghan 
border illegally. 
  He called for repeal of voluntary service in trouble spots 
and of numerous deferments of military service because the armed 
forces, he said, were manned with ill-educated people. He also 
called for making 19 the drafting age. 
  The draft resolution of the hearings tells the committee to 
table a State Duma draft of amendments to the State Border Act 
adopted by the former Supreme Soviet on April 1, 1993. The 
draft also calls for "speedier submission to the State Duma of 
bills on the Russian Federation's exclusive economic zone, 
continental shelf and legislation on their protection." 

