BFN 

<F P=106> ["Anti-'government' Struggle in South Korea" -- KCNA </F>
headline] 
  [Text] Pyongyang, May 1 (KCNA) -- More than 1,000 students 
under the Kwangju and South Cholla Provincial Federation of 
General Student Councils (Namchongnyon) held a rally and a 
demonstration in Kwangju on April 29 in memory of a student of 
Chonnam National University, Pak Sung-hui, who set herself 
ablaze in protest against the brutal murder of patriotic 
students by the fascist clique of the "Sixth Republic" on April 
29, 1991, according to a radio report from Seoul. 
  They continued the demonstration till 11:00 at night, 
pelting 
stones at police. 
  On the same day, over 200 people of the joint measure 
committee for the case of murder of Yun Kum-i and the 
headquarters of the movement for uprooting the U.S. Army's 
crimes staged a sit-in at the puppet supreme court protesting a 
formal trial by the puppets on the murderer of the U.S. Army who 
killed Yun Kum-i, a South Korean woman, in cold blood in October 
1992. 
  An estimated 2,000 students in Seoul on April 30 held an 
avowal rally on the occasion of May Day before going over to a 
demonstration. 
  They denounced the Kim Yong-sam group for branding the 
workers' demand for a wage hike as "collective egoism", and held 
a street demonstration demanding the abolition of the evil 
labour law and the dissolution of the "government"-subsidized 
South Korean General Federation of Trade Unions (Nochong). 

