Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] Denpasar, Indonesia, Feb 10 (AFP) -- Taiwan's 
president, Li Teng-hui, held a closed meeting with Indonesian 
Research and Technology Minister Bacharuddin Habibie at this 
resort island of Bali Thursday, a source said here. "The meeting 
was totally closed for journalists," the source said, adding 
that the meeting was supposed to have been held at the isolated 
hotel where Li was staying. Habibie, who is known to have strong 
support from President Suharto to develop the country's 
technology industry, met Li in his capacity as a scientist, 
officials here have said. 
  The Indonesian minister, who also heads the country's ten 
strategic industries, including aircraft manufacturer IPTN, has 
said that during his talks with Li, he would try to sell IPTN 
products to Taiwan. Habibie said IPTN's technology was more 
advanced in producing civilian aircraft while Taiwan's 
aeronautical industry stressed the manufacture of military 
aircraft. Therefore, he said, the aviation industries of the two 
countries were not contemplating cooperation. [passage omitted] 
  Indonesian Foreign Ministry said Tuesday that Li's visit 
would change Indonesia's one-China policy and that any meeting 
between Li and Indonesian officials, including President 
Suharto, were in their respective private capacities and 
therefore should not be "exaggerated." [passage omitted] 

