BFN 

  [Text] The Interior Ministry announced yesterday it would 
impose measures to thwart international terrorists from entering 
and operating in Thailand, including tighter control on the 
movements of some tourists, stricter controls on immigrants as 
well as improvements in intelligence-gathering. 
  Permanent Secretary for Interior Ari Wong-araya said after a 
meeting with the governors of 31 border provinces, Special 
Branch police and the National Security Council at the Interior 
Ministry yesterday that he told the participants to redouble 
their efforts to deter international terrorists from entering 
the country. 
  "The governors of border provinces were briefed on 
international terrorists and ways to prevent them from entering 
and carrying out missions in Thailand," Ari said. 
  He said although the focus of the plan was on international 
terrorists, provincial governors were also told to monitor the 
movements of possible would-be saboteurs in their jurisdiction. 
  Ari said stringent control on the movement of certain 
foreign 
tourists and immigrants was a priority to be carried out by the 
Immigration Division police. He said tighter immigration 
controls would be adopted. 
  He indicated that one of Thailand's neighbouring countries 
had been supporting terrorist activities in Thailand. He did 
not identify the country. 
  Ari said provincial governors had been instructed to closely 
monitor the movement of suspected terrorists in their 
jurisdiction and share the information with other provinces 
through a coordination centre at the Interior Ministry. 
  Provincial governors were also told to draw up their own 
plans to deal with international terrorists based on political 
and social factors unique to their respective areas, Ari said. 

