Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By Chan Wai-Fong] </F>
  [Text] A Chinese Christian leader urged the Government to 
protect unregistered church activities and strongly criticised 
biased cadres who abused religious rights of the Chinese people. 
  In a speech given at a Spring Festival gathering in Beijing 
in January, Bishop Ding Guangxun, President of the China 
Christian Council (CCC), said that there were cadres who were 
biased towards religion and used administrative methods to 
control and attack law-abiding churchgoers. 
  "The situation is serious," he said in a speech revealed 
yesterday by Amity Foundation, a Hong Kong based Christian 
group. China regulates church activities through the Chinese 
Three-Self Patriotic Movement and the CCC. 
  In addition to the estimated seven million Protestant 
Christians recognised by the Government, a greater number fall 
outside the official record, and with whom the CCC have no 
contact. Bishop Ding called for their protection saying that 
they were patriotic and upheld socialism. 
  Bishop Ding said unity and communication between the 
Christians recognised by the Government and those not recognised 
had been hampered by cadres who considered the latter 
law-breakers. He added that cadres had attacked and destroyed 
many meeting points, forcing them to go underground. 
  In certain places, the bishop said, churches were 
increasingly run by cadres instead of church members. "They do 
not understand religion, they do not appreciate believers' 
thinking and feelings," he said. "To a greater or lesser 
extent, they despise religion, and they also have a duty to 
propagate atheism," he said. 
  "What they are doing is making religion fit their own 
interests," he said. 

