BFN 

  [Text] Prague June 12 (CTK) -- Premier Vaclav Klaus, 
chairman of the Civic Democratic Party (ODS), said today he did 
not think that relations between the coalition parties were at 
freezing point as alleged by some parties and media. The 
coalition is formed by the ODS (65 out of a total of 200 
parliamentary seats), the Christian Democratic 
Union-Czechoslovak People's Party (KDU-CSL -- 15), the Civic 
Democratic Alliance (ODA -- 15) and the Christian Democratic 
Party (KDS -- 10). 
  Speaking on the regular Czech Television's Sunday discussion 
programme "Debata", Klaus also disagreed with the opinion that 
the coalition, which was continuously dealing with "dozens, may 
be hundreds of questions," could not find consensus. "There is 
absolute agreement on a number of points and this is not 
practically mentioned, this is not pointed out. We have a 
couple of evergreens -- once it is the Senate, another time it 
is higher administration units or restitution. Views on these 
evergreens undoubtedly and logically differ," Klaus said. 
  Klaus said that every week "there are 95 matters" on which 
the coalition's opinion was very firm and diametrically 
different from the parliamentary opposition's. He said he 
believed that the positive was unequivocally prevalent "and the 
squabbling..., unfortunately, is part of political skirmishes, 
of the tug-of-war, every one wants to be stronger, every one 
wants to be seen better, every one wants to be heard more 
strongly." 
  "Let us proceed from the fact that citizens... have elected 
this and not some other coalition. If they gave 51 percent of 
the vote to one political party, there would have to be no 
coalition, just as in Hungary, for example. If, on the 
contrary, there had to be eight parties to form the government, 
we would have a different coalition," Klaus said. 

