BFN 

<F P=106> [Aleksandr Yegorov report: ``Norwegian Minister Is Not </F>
Afraid of the Komsomolets''] 
  [Text] A meeting has ended in Moscow between Viktor 
Danilov-Danilyan, Russian Federation minister of environmental 
protection and natural resources, and Thorbjorn Berntsen, 
Norwegian environment minister, pertaining to the widening of 
bilateral and multilateral cooperation in the field of 
environmental protection. 
  The ministers stated at a press conference that they share 
the public concern over the threat of the Barents Sea region's 
being polluted by radioactive waste, its pollution from across 
the border by nickel-producing enterprises located in the border 
regions, and from accidents at nuclear facilities. They 
therefore think that it is necessary to carry out without delay 
cooperation projects planned by both sides, the most important 
among which is modernization of the Pechenganikel combine. In 
the final analysis, modernization is expected to result in 
cutting dioxin emissions to 40,000 tonnes against the 250,000 
tonnes emitted in 1992. 
  It was noted at the press conference that the combine 
reconstruction concept submitted by a consortium of two 
Norwegian firms and one Swedish firm has been recognized as the 
winner in an international contest for the right to develop it. 
The ``Norilsk Nickel'' concern together with the Russian 
Economy Ministry are currently preparing a draft government 
decree on financing the modernization taking account of the 
share provided by the Norwegian side (about $40 million). 
  To the question on Norway's stance on an alleged plutonium 
leak from the damaged hull of the lost Komsomolets 
nuclear-powered submarine, Minister T. Berntsen answered: ``We 
keep a close watch on the situation. We are convinced that the 
submarine should not be disturbed needlessly. And there is no 
such need, our experts believe.'' 

