Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Raul Gutierrez from the Gonzalo Jimenez de </F>
Quesada Convention Center] 
  [Text] Good evening. Six months before the end of 
President Cesar Gaviria's term, 12 candidates are seeking to 
replace him. At this very moment, the array of candidates is 
being completed with the announcement of Andres Pastrana's 
candidacy at the Convention Center. Pastrana is being nominated 
by a national movement that heads the Conservative Party. Six 
years ago, 40-year-old Pastrana created the New Democratic Force 
[NFD]. The NFD is represented in Congress and the current 
administration. After resigning his seat in Congress six months 
ago, Pastrana began his campaign without talking or acting like 
a candidate. This upset some of his rivals in the conservative 
and liberal parties. The polls always show Pastrana ahead. The 
most recent poll shows Pastrana with 40 percent of the votes and 
Liberal Party candidate Ernesto Samper with 38 percent. 
  Today, during the event to nominate him, Pastrana is talking 
about his government plan. The plan stresses providing drinking 
water for 10 million Colombians; a revolution in education; and 
a plan for women, youths, and the family. 
  Here is Andres Pastrana delivering his nomination acceptance 
speech: 
  [Begin Pastrana recording, in progress] ...infrastructure, 
irrigation systems, providing [words indistinct] [end recording] 

