BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, June 20 KYODO -- A government tax panel will 
issue a report Tuesday [21 June] proposing multiyear tax cuts 
and an offsetting consumption tax hike as the pillar of Japan's 
promised sweeping tax reform, sources close to the panel said 
Monday. 
  Kan Kato, chairman of the tax commission, will hand the 
report over to Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata, leaving sufficient 
time for the government and the ruling coalition parties to 
detail the tax reform by the end of June and enact it into law 
by the year-end. 
  Japan promised the timetable in its March market-opening 
package. 
  But uncertainties are mounting politically, with the largest 
opposition Liberal Democratic Party preparing to launch a 
no-confidence motion against the minority coalition government. 
  Kato has said the report will not include specific figures 
but it will call for a net revenue surplus from the tax cuts and 
hike to secure funds for welfare spending toward the 21st 
century because of Japan's "graying" society. 
  But he also suggested the report will show clear reasons for 
continuing the 6.2 trillion yen in income and other tax cuts 
already implemented this year, and for hiking the 3 percent 
consumption tax to 7 to 10 percent in April 1997. 
  The report will call for revamping both income and 
consumption tax systems to improve fairness and will urge the 
government to push forward fiscal and administrative overhauls 
to win public support on the tax reform, the sources said. 

