BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by correspondent Ahmad 'Ubaydat] </F>
  [Text] The Israeli-Palestinian Civil Committee is set to 
reconvene within two weeks to work out arrangements for the 
early empowerment of the rest of the civil departments in the 
West Bank. This was disclosed by Jamil al-Tarifi, coordinator 
general of the Palestinian civil authorities. I asked him about 
an Israeli proposal that a number of Palestinian prisoners be 
freed with the proviso that they are confined to the Gaza Strip 
until they serve out their terms, attorney al-Tarifi said: 
  [Begin recording] [Al-Tarifi] When it became clear that 
this was the intention of the Israeli Government, I was 
instructed late last night by President 'Arafat to reject the 
decision. The Cairo agreement calls for the release of 5,000 
detainees, with the release of the rest to be negotiated later. 
There is nothing in the Cairo agreement to suggest that, once 
freed, the detainees should be confined to Gaza or Jericho, 
except in unusual cases; both the Israelis and we know what 
these are. The restrictive clause does not apply to all of the 
detainees. 'Arafat has instructed all agencies of the 
Palestinian authority in the occupied territory to reject the 
Israeli proposal. Major General 'Abd-al-Razzaq al-Yahya, who 
arrived from Amman yesterday, has been named as head of the 
Palestinian side to the joint Security Committee. He will 
address the issue at the negotiating table, God willing. 
  ['Ubaydat] I asked attorney al-Tarifi whether a particular 
supplier has been contracted to feed Gaza with electricity? 
  [Al-Tarifi] A ship owned by a Canadian-Norwegian company is 
to dock at Gaza and feed the Strip with 100 megawatts. In the 
interim, our electricity needs will continue to be filled by the 
Israeli National Electricity Grid. 
  ['Ubaydat] I asked al-Tarifi about the lack of stamps and 
postal orders and exit permits in the Post Office in the Jericho 
region. 
  [Al-Tarifi] Palestinian postage stamps are under production. 
[end recording] 

