Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Acting chairman of the Russian Constitutional Court 
[CC] Nikolay Vitruk told Interfax that in 1994 the court should 
become an impartial body of constitutional justice. 
  The CC made its contribution in 1993 to the making of a 
democratic state even though its own coming of age as the top 
body of constitutional justice was not easy, Vitruk said. In 
his view, the court's biggest success were the decisions in 
which it upheld the rights and freedoms of individuals. 
Numerous rulings were handed out that established equality of 
the citizen and the state in the courts of law. "We defended 
the right of everybody to be protected by courts in resolving 
any conflict between the citizens and the authority," Vitruk 
emphasized. 
  The Constitutional Court has on numerous occasions sent 
messages to the government on specific issues such as pensions 
and benefits for victims of the Chernobyl disaster. "I think 
that in this respect the CC was a success story and became a 
tool of democracy. Russian society needs it as such," Nikolay 
Vitruk is convinced. 
  On the other hand, the making of the Constitutional Court 
was 
not smooth, he emphasized, notably as far as the confrontation 
between the executive and legislative authority is concerned. 
The CC head recalled that earlier legislation on the court 
"allowed dragging it into the political struggle." 
  Vitruk believes that both houses of parliament will apply to 
the Constitutional Court in 1994. He thinks that new 
legislation, now under consideration, should make it impossible 
to drag the court into political conflicts on either side. 

