BFN 

  [Text] Provisional President Emile Jonassaint has again 
denounced the international community's misunderstanding of 
Haiti. In a message to foreign journalists living in Haiti, 
Jonassaint said he hopes to provide, through these colleagues of 
the press, all the information that defines the Haitian reality, 
without distortion. 
  The international community wants to impose a policy and 
politicians that the Haitian people have rejected. In this 
message, Jonassaint [word indistinct] to open the door, sees 
that the international community wants to open the door to civil 
war in Haiti just so it can be right. 
  The message asks: Do they want to offer to individuals 
living 
abroad the opportunity and satisfaction of having their 
countries [as heard] occupied by foreign powers? Do they want to 
offer them the satisfaction of destabilizing their country [as 
heard] and realizing an explosion of Haitian civilian society? 
Those who represent them [not further identified] even dared 
call the people to civil disobedience; therefore, anarchy; 
trying, ipso facto, to destroy, the authority and very 
government of Haiti. They want to impose on us an adventure of 
[words indistinct], which is not suitable either to our culture 
or our desiderate, much less our history. These Haitians who are 
disparaged, reviled, and excluded from the international 
community, are quietly moving toward elections, the only 
honorable way out of the abominable crisis we are experiencing 
at this time. 
  Jonassaint speaks of the main priorities defined by his 
government. Those priorities have already formed the subject of 
an official document. The text will soon be communicated to the 
media, he announced. 

