BFN 

  [Excerpt] Niamey, 13 May (AFP) -- The Niger Government and 
the Tuareg rebellion have reiterated their desire to end the 
conflict opposing them for close to three years now and which 
has left more than 100 dead, it was announced last night by a 
spokesman of the mediating countries. A mission of the 
representatives of France, Algeria, and Burkina-Faso "has 
observed the desire of the two sides to quickly pursue their 
efforts to resolve the problem opposing them," the spokesman 
indicated on national television. The government and the 
rebellion have "agreed" on the principle of another meeting 
whose date will be fixed "later", he added. 
  The mission has met with members of the High Commission for 
the Restoration of Peace, a government commission responsible 
for the Tuareg rebellion dossier, and representatives of the 
Coordination of the Armed Resistance, which comprises the four 
rebel movements. On 10 May, the mission also held discussions 
with President Mahamane Ousmane, but no statement was issued at 
the end of this meeting. 
  This is the first time the representatives of the three 
mediating countries have undertaken a mission to Niger in 
connection with the settlement of this conflict. Only French 
mediator Jean-Francois Nodinot had until now taken such a step. 
Early in April, he had said that negotiations between the two 
sides would resume on 15 April, but they were once again 
postponed, just like those that were scheduled for the end of 
March. [passage omitted] 

