BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Larisa Kislinskaya] </F>
  [Text] Moscow May 12 TASS -- "We know who assassinated 
Deputy of the State Duma Andrey Ayzderdzis," said Chief of the 
Criminal Investigation Department of the Russian Interior 
Ministry, Lieutenant-General Vladimir Kolesnikov, at a meeting 
with journalists on Thursday. Kolesnikov heads a group of 
investigators responsible for solving this murder case which 
evoked strong indignation. 
  The general pointed out that the suspect had not been 
detained yet. In the interests of the investigation he declined 
to say whether the suspect was the culprit or a hired assassin. 
The general said that the murder was committed for a mixture of 
commercial, political and criminal reasons. The general pointed 
out that during the investigation law enforcement bodies 
established a whole group of people suspected of committing a 
number of other crimes. 
  Kolesnikov said that as soon as the investigation is over, 
the investigators will expose misinformation on the case 
published by the press, especially in part concerning 
accusations against regional law enforcement bodies. 
  As for discontent at the slow pace of the investigation 
expressed by the mayor of the Khimki region, Yuriy Korablin, 
Kolesnikov said that he would not let any officials put pressure 
on the investigation. "There are superior bodies to resolve all 
arising problems, for instance, the general prosecutor's 
office," Kolesnikov said. 

