BFN 

  [Text] "The government retains its full powers, so it is 
entitled to do all that it deems expedient to do, conferring 
appointments included." Prime Minister Carlo Azeglio Ciampi 
rejects the criticisms of him by the right-wing coalition that 
won the election, criticisms that were repeated yesterday by 
Roberto Maroni, League lower house floor leader, and MSI 
[Italian Social Movement] member Giuseppe Tatarella, because of 
recent governmental appointments. 
  The executive will not resign until the speakers of the two 
houses of parliament have been appointed, he stated yesterday at 
a foreign press news conference called at Palazzo Chigi. As far 
as the timeframe is concerned, Ciampi pointed out that, "the two 
houses will meet and elect their speakers on 15 April. It will 
take a day or two at the very most." But until then, the 
government will discharge all its responsibilities. Such is 
Ciampi's admonition directed at those who would prefer to see 
him take early retirement as prime minister. 
  "The executive retains its full powers," Ciampi continued. 
"The fact that the republic's president has refused to accept 
its resignation means that the government must discharge the 
duties incumbent upon it. Consequently," he added, "we are 
doing everything we deem necessary to do at this time. We are 
therefore also making the strictly necessary appointments. Why 
should we postpone them?" 
  Giuseppe Tatarella, MSI lower house floor leader, cast doubt 
yesterday on the legitimacy of the civil service appointments 
"and others that fall within the jurisdiction of the government" 
published yesterday by a Milan daily. The criticisms voiced by 
the League's Maroni echoed this; he stated in an interview that, 
"In any case, the next government will regard the 50 
appointments and 31 promotions made over the election period" by 
the present government as nonbinding. 

