BFN 

<F P=106> [From NIHON KEIZAI SHIMBUN 19 Jun Morning Edition] </F>
  [Text] Speaking about the DPRK's (North Korea) suspected 
nuclear arms development program in a speech on a street in 
front of the southern gate of the Japan Railway Kinshi-cho 
Station on the evening of 18 June, Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata 
said, "I think North Korea does not possess them [nuclear arms], 
and I think it does not intend to produce them either." Thus 
for the first time, he expressed his belief that North Korea 
neither possesses nuclear arms nor has intentions to produce 
them. Also saying, "It may be that they do not want to appear 
intimidated into doing something," Hata suggested a view that 
the reason why North Korea is adamantly rejecting complete 
nuclear inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency 
(IAEA) is because of pressure from the international community. 
  As for suspicions regarding North Korea's nuclear 
development, U.S. Defense Secretary Perry in a news conference 
recently said "it is possible that they have one or two nuclear 
weapons." The Japanese Government has also decided to discuss 
sanctions through the UN Security Council in cooperation with 
the United States, declaring "there is strong suspicion that 
North Korea is in the process of developing nuclear arms" 
(according to Foreign Ministry sources). The basis for the 
prime minister denying North Korea's possession of nuclear arms 
as well as its intent to develop them is not clear, but it is 
possible that his remark will have subtle impact on the 
direction of the system of Japan-U.S.-ROK cooperation and on 
future discussions of sanctions. 

