Language: <F P=105> Mandarin </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] On the afternoon of 25 January, the provincial 
party committee and government held a forum attended by 
responsible persons of some units as well as experts and 
scholars from the theoretical, literary, and art circles of the 
province. He Zhukang, secretary of the provincial party 
committee, chaired the forum. Provincial leaders Wang Jinshan, 
Liu Xilin, and Su Rong attended and gave speeches. 
  He Zhukang said: Arrangements have already been made for the 
work of the province at the beginning of the new year. The 
purpose for us to hold this forum is to listen to the views and 
suggestions of experts and learn about the situation in order to 
make our work successful. [passage omitted] 
  Participants at the forum aired their views freely, 
conscientiously analyzed the forms of theories, literature, and 
art, and offered very good opinions and suggestions. The 
provincial leaders fully affirmed their speeches. 
  At the end of the forum, He Zhukang said that Jilin had won 
honor by achieving very good results in theoretical study and 
cultural and art work. On behalf of the provincial party 
committee and government, Secretary He extended greetings to the 
participating experts and scholars and, through them, to 
literary and art workers and theoretical workers throughout the 
province. He Zhukang added: Trained personnel are important. 
We should create a good environment and good conditions for the 
development of trained personnel. Training and educating people 
is a very important task with a far-reaching significance. We 
should not neglect the influence of negative factors on young 
people, nor should we underestimate the influence of Western 
culture. We should exert concerted efforts and give correct 
guidance to enable theories, literature, and art to make 
contributions to our endeavor of building a developed border 
province near the sea. 

