BFN 

  [Text] Cairo, May 1 (AFP) -- PLO leader Yasir 'Arafat and 
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhaq Rabin will personally assess the 
cases of certain Palestinian prisoners whom the PLO wants 
released, a Palestinian negotiator said Sunday [1 May]. 
  "The cases of certain prisoners will be discussed at the 
highest level," said Jibril Rajjub. 
  But he would not say whether they belonged to the Islamic 
Resistance Movement Hamas. 
  Meanwhile, chief PLO negotiator Nabil Sha'th, arriving in 
Cairo from Tunis, said the draft accord for Palestinian 
self-rule in the Gaza Strip and West Bank town of Jericho had 
been approved by 'Arafat's mainstream Fatah faction. 
  Israel has already agreed to release 5,000 of the 10,000 
Palestinians held in Israeli jails within three weeks of a 
self-rule deal being signed. 
  But it has refused to release any prisoners who took part in 
bloody attacks on Israelis, despite the PLO's insistence that 
all prisoners should be freed. 
  Sha'th returned to Cairo Sunday to start a new, and possibly 
last, round of talks with Israeli negotiators. 
  Rajjub said the question of prisoners was the chief 
remaining 
hurdle. 
  Israel had offered to release 3,400 more prisoners in return 
for an amnesty for Palestinian collaborators, PLO sources said 
last week. 
  Talks were due to resume here Sunday to iron out the last 
differences before a signing ceremony scheduled for Wednesday in 
the presence of U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher. 
  Rabin and 'Arafat are expected here Tuesday to sort out any 
last-minute problems before signing the autonomy accord for the 
occupied Gaza Strip and West Bank town of Jericho. 
  Sha'th said he had attended meetings of the Fatah and PLO 
executive committees to debate the final Palestinian decision. 
  He said Fatah had agreed to the accord, and the PLO's 
executive committee was to meet again before making a decision. 

