BFN 

<F P=106> ["Exclusive" report] </F>
  [Text] Damascus -- AL-MAJD has learned that a sharp 
dispute has developed within the ranks of the alliance of the 10 
Palestinian factions opposed to the peace process. 
  Informed Palestinian sources in Damascus say the old-new 
dispute between the Hamas movement and the Democratic Front for 
the Liberation of Palestine [DFLP] has recently resurfaced 
following press statements last week attributed to Dr. Musa 
Abu-Marzuq, chief of the Political Bureau of Hamas. 
  The sources say the 10 factions are divided over the 
statements, which Hamas quickly explained, dismissing the bulk 
of these statements in another statement issued by its bureau in 
the Syrian capital. 
  The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine [PFLP] has 
largely supported the DFLP's criticism of Abu-Marzuq's 
statements, while the Popular Front for the Liberation of 
Palestine-General Command [PFLP-GC] has supported Hamas' recent 
explanation of the statements. Fatah-the Uprising, the 
al-Sa'iqah Organization, the Islamic Jihad Organization, and the 
Revolutionary Communist Party have exerted intensive efforts to 
contain this secondary dispute between the parties of the 
alliance of opposition factions and to refocus attention on the 
basic contradiction between the opposition's line and the 
approach of capitulation and its consequent destructive 
'Arafatist agreements with the Zionist enemy. 

