BFN 

  [Text] Lagos, June 29 (AFP) -- Nigerian opposition leader 
Beko Ransome-Kuti, arrested on June 9 and charged with treason, 
has been freed on bail by the Federal High Court in Lagos, the 
opposition leader's aides said Wednesday [29 June]. 
  Ransome-Kuti, the president of the Campaign for Democracy, 
an 
umbrella group of 40 pro-democracy groups, was freed Tuesday 
after refusing an earlier bail offer linking his freedom to a 
promise to give up political activity. 
  No figure was given for the size of the bail required by the 
court. 
  The Campaign for Democracy is campaigning against the 
eight-month-old military regime of General Sani Abacha and 
called for a restoration of democracy in Nigeria. 
  Abacha came to power in November, five months after the 
Nigerian military cancelled the publication of the results of 
presidential elections widely thought to have shown businessman 
Moshood Abiola as the winner. 
  Abiola himself was arrested last week after on June 11 
declaring himself president and head of the Armed Forces. 
  Five members of the campaign group and a press photographer 
were beaten up and then detained by the police when they 
attended Ransome-Kuti's hearing Tuesday, Segun Jegede, one of 
the group's leaders, said. 
  Judge Babatunde Belgore ordered the court to be cleared 
after 
the incident, the Nigerian press agency NAN said. 
  Belgore was anxious to avoid the repetition of an earlier 
incident when a woman stripped off before the court to protest 
at the jailing of Abiola and Ransome-Kuti. 
  In south-west Nigeria, home region of both men, there is a 
tradition of women stripping off and bearing their backsides in 
protests. 

