BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, March 31 KYODO -- Japan will continue to 
restrict exports of technology to countries that are considered 
likely to be involved in regional conflicts, after the 
disbandment of Cocom [Coordinating Commitee for Multilateral 
Export Controls], the western monitoring body of sensitive 
technology exports, government officials said Thursday [31 
March]. The officials of the Ministry of International Trade 
and Industry (MITI) said it is necessary to retain some curbs on 
technology which can be used for military purposes after Cocom 
dissolves. 
  They said the ministry will especially closely examine 
technology exports to countries which are likely to face future 
conflicts. 
  The Coordinating Committee for Multilateral Export Controls 
will conclude its 45-year-old history Thursday midnight, having 
been made redundant by the ending of the Cold War. 
  A more broadly-based, flexible organization will succeed the 
agency by October. In the meantime, each nation will 
voluntarily retain curbs similar to those that were previously 
in place. 
  The MITI officials said technology exports to North Korea, 
Libya, Iraq and Iran will be strictly controled, while curbs on 
shipments to former communist nations will be relaxed. 
  They also said Japan, the United States, and the European 
Union (EU) will resume discussions in late April on the details 
of the new system, for example studying which items are to be 
controlled. 

