BFN 

<F P=106> [Nitzan Hen video report; speakers identified by caption] </F>
  [Text] The outlawed Kakh and Kahana Hay Movements have 
decided to merge into one new movement, which would fight 
against the administrative detentions issued against some of 
their members. Kakh leader Barukh Marzel, currently in prison, 
and Kahana Hay leader Binyamin Kahana decided on the merger. 
Beni Kahana held a news conference this afternoon in Jerusalem 
to report on the affair. Our correspondent Nitzan Hen reports: 
  [Begin video-recording] [Hen] The decision to merge Kakh 
and Kahana Hay was born in the Hasharon Prison where Binyamin 
Kahana was held in the same cell with his biggest rival, Barukh 
Marzel. Kahana was released from prison last weekend. In 
response to the wave of administrative detention orders issued 
against activists of both movements, the two decided to put 
personal rivalries aside and work together. 
  [Kahana] In putting a large group of people in prison, the 
government has itself established the alternative leadership. 
  [Hen] The police sent its own observers to the news 
conference, fearing that the cooperation declaration might not 
strictly fall within the law. 
  [Kakh activist Mikha'el Ben-Ari] The cooperation will mainly 
be expressed in public activity, primarily on the streets. 
There will be legal coordination of our struggle against the 
various government decisions. We will also choose other ways, 
some of which we will disclose, others of which we will only 
report after the fact. [end recording] 

