Article   Type:CSO 

  [Editorial Report] Kiev NARODNA ARMIYA in Ukrainian on 6 
January 1994 on page 1 carries an article under the heading 
"Ukraine's Naval Engineers Pressured." Along with a navy, 
Ukraine has been forming and selecting cadre for a Naval 
Engineering Service. Naval Engineering Service officers in the 
Odessa and Mykolayiv garrisons of the Black Sea Fleet had 
expressed their wish to serve Ukraine's armed forces and had 
taken the oath of loyalty to the people of Ukraine. Workers and 
employees in these also voluntarily decided to transfer to 
Ukraine's naval engineering service. 
  However the situation became tense after the Black Sea Fleet 
command in Mykolayiv sent armed soldiers to place the building 
under guard and ordered the officers, workers and employees to 
leave the facility. Thanks only to the timely intervention of 
the senior naval officer in the city of Mykolayiv, Captain 1st 
Rank A. Rodkin, was further conflict avoided. 
  The commander of Ukraine's Navy, Vice Admiral V. 
Bezkorovaynyy and acting Black Sea Fleet Commander V. Larionov 
met to resolve the incident. Given that a similar situation 
could arise in other Ukraine Navy garrisons in which Navy 
engineering sections were being formed, an agreement was reached 
to continue consultations, in order that the process not get out 
of control. 
  Ukraine's navy press center rejected all claims that it 
forcibly impressed naval engineering workers and employees in 
the Odessa and Mykolayiv garrisons into Ukraine's Navy. 

