Language: <F P=105> Urdu </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Islamabad -- Mumtaz Hussain Rathore, the former 
prime minister of Azad Kashmir and leader of the opposition in 
the Legislative Assembly, has urged the Government of Pakistan 
to set up an inquiry into the seizure of arms worth 20 million 
rupees by the Federal Investigation Agency and other sensitive 
organizations in Muzaffarabad. Talking to the NAWA-I-WAQT here 
on Wednesday, he said that the Muzaffarabad police led by the 
deputy superintendent of police and the director of the Civil 
Defense, raided the camp of the Al-Mujahid [a Kashmiri group] 
near Ziyarat Shah Enayat on Idgah Road and seized four truck 
loads of arms. The raid was conducted in the wake of a dispute 
between Sardar Atiq Ahmad, son of Azad Kashmir Prime Minister 
Sardar Abdul Qayyum Khan; and the commander of the Al-Mujahid 
over the payment of 8.7 million rupees and the government of 
Azad Kashmir has been keeping the people in the dark and wants 
to cover up the entire issue. Condemning this attitude, Mumtaz 
Hussain Rathore said we have been expressing apprehension about 
the designs and activities of the so-called Al-Mujahid. Such a 
large quantity of arms was stockpiled not for the cause of the 
Kashmir freedom movement, but for crushing the opposition in 
Azad Kashmir and the Government of Pakistan should have the 
entire situation investigated by its agencies, Rathore added. 
* 

