Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "NTC News" newscast] </F>
  [Text] It was believed that one of the first victims of the 
internal Medellin Cartel feud was Jose Antonio Ocampo, alias 
Peluza. According to several reports, Ocampo, who was one of 
Pablo Escobar's lieutenants, was murdered after falling from the 
drug lord's graces. The name of Jose Antonio Ocampo appears in 
classified official files as an active member of the financial 
branch of the battered Medellin Cartel. The Army's 4th Brigade 
arrested him in Uraba in 1989, but he was released because of 
insufficient evidence. The authorities know he contributed to 
maintaining the narco-terrorist war for years. He rebelled 
against his boss and Escobar sentenced him to death. Peluza 
managed to escape the internal purge launched against Moncada 
and Galiano at the Envigado Prison complex. 
  Authorities have a video tape that proves Peluza is alive 
and 
well. NTC News, exclusively, has managed to get a hold of the 
tape. Jose Antonio Ocampo is currently being held hostage. 
  [Begin Ocampo recording] I am very happy to be able to send 
this message. [end recording] 
  These pictures show Jose Antonio Ocampo, alias Peluza, where 
he is being held. He looks bad. Two men bearing submachine guns 
guard him. Peluza taped a dramatic call to his family to save 
his life. 
  [Begin Ocampo recording] I hope and I know that you are 
praying to [words indistinct], my and your queen, for me to 
leave here. A thousand kisses. I love you all very much. [end 
recording] 
  On the tape, Peluza asks his family to act wisely. He begs 
his friends for solidarity. He orders his family to sell his 
properties and horses to collect the $2 million ransom. 

