Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "National Newscast"] </F>
  [Text] The annual UN report on world drug trafficking, 
according to which the outlook is pretty discouraging, was 
unveiled today. For UN members, the war against drug 
trafficking has not even begun. The report by the UN 
International Control Board concludes drug cartels are 
increasing their economic power and political influence. It 
noted drug traffickers are increasingly violent and ruthless in 
their attempt to control the drug-trafficking network. 
Regarding Colombia, the report states drug traffickers have 
always tried to exert influence on the legislative branch and 
government. During presentation of the document, Prosecutor 
General de Greiff said the antidrug war has been a failure. 
  [Begin recording] [De Greiff] Here in Colombia, Mr. Gonzalo 
Rodriguez Gacha has died at the hands of authorities. Mr. Pablo 
Escobar has died. Mr. Carlos Lehder was extradited. We have in 
jail a large number of drug traffickers, and what has happened 
in the market? Absolutely nothing. 
  [Arturo Heinz, UN director in Colombia, identified by 
caption] As Colombia stated at the appropriate time, there has 
to be an overall approach between the narcotics demand and 
supply. This is a complex problem; it is not a unilateral 
problem in which the culprits are the consumers or producers. 
[end recording] 
  The prosecutor general stated whereas in Colombia the policy 
is to open the door to drug traffickers who want to surrender to 
justice, the United States prefers to withhold evidence, hoping 
the Colombian drug traffickers will turn up in other countries. 

