BFN 

  [Text] The managers of Indian economy are jubilant over the 
fact that exports grew by over 20 per cent in dollar terms in 
1993-94, the third year of economic reform. This is being cited 
as the most outstanding outcome of economic liberalisation. 
Trade deficit declined to $1,039 million, the lowest in the 
last decade or so. 
  Economists and analysts agree that export performance in 
1993-94 is impressive viewed against the dismal show in the 
preceeding two years. But, there is nothing much to crow about 
in this because India had far better performance on the export 
front in the not too distant past. For instance, the 
performance in 1987-88 exports grew by 24 per cent in dollar 
terms. 
  During the pre-reform years, 1986-87 to 1990-91, exports 
registered a total growth of 103 per cent, an annual compound 
growth of 15.3 per cent. In comparison, total export growth for 
the three reform years beginning 1991-92 worked out to only 22.2 
per cent, an annual compound growth of 6.9 per cent. In the 
first reform year, the growth was a negative 1.5 per cent. In 
1992-93, exports registered a 3.8 per cent growth. From this 
level, it was a real surge in 1993-94 to 20.4 per cent. 
  Commerce Ministry arrived at this growth rate for 1993-94 by 
comparing the estimated export earnings of $22,173 million 
during the year with a provisional figure of $18,420 million in 
1992-93. Government had the actual figure for 1992-93. The 
comparison, therefore, should have been with the actual figure 
and not the provisional figure for 1942-93. When compared with 
the actual figure of $18537 million in 1992-93, the export 
growth in 1993-94 dips below 20 per cent. 
  The real reason behind the reduced trade deficit is not the 
"booming" exports but the declining imports. In the first year 
of reform, imports were drastically pruned. This resulted in a 
negative growth of 19.4 per cent in 1991-92. Relaxations in 
import restrictions led to a 12.7 per cent growth in 1992-93. 
Although, the last month of 1993-94 registered a 68 per cent 
growth in imports, the total import growth for the year declined 
to 6.8 per cent. The total import bill of $ 23,212 million in 
1993-94, the third year of economic reform, is less than the 
import bill of $24,073 million in the pre-reform year of 1990-91. 
  Despite the relatively impressive export performance in the 
pre-reform years, export earnings could not finance more than 70 
per cent of the import bill during 1986-87 to 1990-91. But, a 
less impressive export growth in the reform years has managed to 
finance more than 85 per cent of the import bill. In 1991-92, 
92 per cent of the import bill was financed by export earnings. 
  The percentage of import bill financed through export 
earnings has thus been increasing in recent years. This would 
not have been possible had imports maintained the growth 
momentum of the pre-reform years. In a growing economy, imports 
are bound to grow. This has not happened in India even after 
three years of economic reform. 

