BFN 

<F P=106> [From the press review] </F>
  [Text] PELITA and KOMPAS comment on the significance of the 
visit of New Zealand Prime Minister Jim Bolger to Indonesia. 
PELITA notes that Bolger's visit is a bit cloudy because a 
handful of New Zealand deputies had issued a petition on human 
rights in East Timor. The matter, however, is not expected to 
become a major irritant. The petition appeared to have stemmed 
from their lack of understanding and knowledge about 
developments in East Timor. Accordingly, we need to conduct 
self-assessment as to what extent we have provided them with 
information about the true situation in East Timor. PELITA is 
confident that they will acknowledge that what East Timor has 
achieved is the best in the course of its history if they 
understand the true situation in the province. 
  KOMPAS offers a similar comment. The petition of the New 
Zealand deputies arose from inaccurate information or was 
influenced by the controversial film "Death of A Nation." 
According to KOMPAS, it would be good if a proposal for 
exchanging parliamentary visits is implemented. The New Zealand 
deputies will thus be able to make a fair judgment of the 
situation in East Timor after seeing the province by themselves. 
KOMPAS is confident that Bolger's visit is intended to enhance 
the friendship between the two nations -- a friendship based on 
an understanding of each other's problems and assistance in the 
time of need. 

