BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS diplomatic correspondents Boris Krivoshey and </F>
Aleksandr Krylovich] 
  [Text] Naples May 19 TASS -- The attempts to put to the 
question the agreed format of the annual summit of the Group of 
Seven (G7) industrialized nations which is due to be held soon 
in the Italian city of Naples, will not promote the success of 
the forthcoming meeting, Grigoriy Karasin, Russian Foreign 
Ministry spokesman, told a briefing here today. 
  A number of foreign news media, he stressed, have been 
publishing materials lately the authors of which "are 
interpreting the format of the oncoming G7 summit differently 
from the earlier agreed one and reported by the Italian side to 
all participants of the meeting". 
  In this connection, Grigoriy Karasin noted, "in the course 
of 
meetings, consultations and exchanges of messages between 
leaders of the Group of Seven and Russia it was agreed that the 
Russian side would participate from the very beginning in 
discussing all political problems the results of which would be 
reflected in a statement by the Italian prime minister presiding 
at the summit on behalf of eight leaders." 
  Thus, the Russian diplomat says, the summit in Naples will 
become a meeting of the "political Group of Eight", for the 
first time in history. 
  According to the Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman, the 
practical realisation of this formula has already begun. 
Specifically, he said, Deputy Foreign Minister of Russia Sergey 
Lavrov took part in a meeting between deputy heads and directors 
of political departments of foreign ministries of the G7 and 
Russia who were drawing up a political agenda for the 
forthcoming meeting of heads of state and governments in Naples. 
  Economic problems of interaction between Russia and the G7 
have already been discussed according to a formula "seven plus 
one", Grigoriy Karasin emphasised. 

