BFN 

  [Text] Abu Dhabi, 23 Apr (MENA)--Egyptian Foreign Minister 
'Amr Musa describes what is happening now in Bosnia-Herzegovina 
as "an international scandal by any standard." He adds that the 
situation in Bosnia has been ignored until it deteriorated to 
this point, while the ethnic cleansing operations continue. 
This, he emphasizes, represents a "serious violation of human 
rights," noting that this constitutes aggression and the murder 
of citizens of a UN member state. 
  Musa, who is accompanying President Mubarak on his visit to 
the United Arab Emirates, made these remarks to a MENA 
correspondent there. 
  With regard to Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhaq Rabin's 
statement that he is willing to remove settlements from the 
Golan Heights in exchange for peace, Musa says this is a 
"reasonable" offer which is not unprecedented, because 
settlements were previously removed from Sinai. He stresses the 
need for a comprehensive Israeli withdrawal from the occupied 
territories as part of the "full peace" endorsed by the Madrid 
conference for peace in the Middle East and in accordance with 
the "land for peace" principle. Musa reiterates Egypt's backing 
of the Syrian position in the negotiations, which calls for a 
full and comprehensive withdrawal from the Golan in exchange for 
peace. 
  Musa underlines the importance of the Middle East tour U.S. 
Secretary of State Warren Christopher will begin on Sunday [24 
April] to discuss the Arab-Israeli negotiation tracks, the most 
important being the Syrian-Israeli track. He notes that the 
first stage of the Palestinian-Israeli track, about the 
implementation of the Gaza-Jericho agreement, is nearly 
concluded. He hopes the two sides will then move on the next 
stage of the talks. 

