Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the ``Vesti'' newscast: Video report by A. Samoletov </F>
and A. Lomakin, identified by caption; figures in brackets 
denote broadcast time in GMT in hours, minutes, and seconds] 
  [Text] [201529] [video opens with correspondent against 
backdrop of building] [Samoletov] A few years ago it was 
absolutely impossible to enter this enterprise's grounds. This 
was strictly a defense enterprise and produced nothing less than 
bacteriological weapons. After the production of 
bacteriological weapons was banned, a group of scientists from 
the center joined in the conversion program and began working on 
a comprehensive method of combating tumors and seeking a method 
of eliminating AIDS. They based their work on hyperthermia: 
Heating the tumor or the blood of the patient to a temperature 
of 42.5 degrees Celsius, at which point the diseased cells die. 
Similar experiments had been conducted before, but without 
producing tangible results because in practice raising the 
temperature too high inevitably results in death. Now the 
``Biotherapy'' Scientific Clinical Center in Novosibirsk has 
conducted lengthy research into and examination of the human 
body and has learned how to achieve temperatures up to 45 
degrees while protecting the healthy cells and the body itself 
from the effects of the high temperatures by means of new 
biological substances developed on the basis of a 
newly-discovered enzyme. [passage omitted consists of interview] 
[video shows extensive interior shots of institute with staff 
and equipment] [201626] 

