BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS diplomatic correspondent Boris Krivoshey] </F>
  [Text] Moscow, 24 Mar -- The situation surrounding the 
problem of the DPRK's participation in the nuclear 
nonproliferation treaty (NPT) is prompting growing anxiety and 
alarm. Acting on the basis of its firm, consistent adherence to 
the NPT and its determination to prevent a center of tension -- 
especially nuclear -- emerging on its borders, Russia is in 
favor of a comprehensive settlement to the situation, says a 
Russian Foreign Ministry statement, with which Grigoriy Karasin, 
director of the Information and Press Department of the Russian 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, acquainted journalists at a 
briefing today. 
  Russia is prepared, the document observes, to support the 
resolution now under discussion in the UN Security Council 
appealing to the DPRK to meet its commitments to the IAEA 
[International Atomic Energy Agency] under the NPT. 
  Taking account of the fact that the talks have not been 
crowned with success, we regard as inadequate attempts to tackle 
the problem within a bilateral framework. We propose using a 
multilateral approach, which could be centered on an 
international conference attended by Russia, China, the United 
States, Japan, the DPRK, the ROK, and representatives of the UN 
secretary general and the IAEA director general, the Russian 
Foreign Ministry statement says. 
  We are certain, the Russian foreign policy department 
stresses, that only such an approach will enable us to find 
mutually acceptable, balanced solutions, which will ensure that 
the nuclear nonproliferation regime is strengthened and 
simultaneously prevent the situation from slipping into 
confrontation. 

