BFN 

  [Excerpts] The IDF [Israel Defense Forces] completed its 
military redeployment in the Gaza Strip in the early hours of 
this morning. The head of Southern Command, Major General Matan 
Vilna'i, handed over control to the commander of Palestinian 
forces in the Strip. A formal hand-over ceremony will take 
place later today, although at the request of settlers, the 
ceremony will now take place in Gaza City, and not in Gush 
Qatif, as originally planned. [passage omitted] 
  [Jerusalem Qol Yisra'el in Hebrew at 0400 GMT on 18 May 
adds: 
"Maj. Gen. Vilna'i said it is difficult to be optimistic about 
the Gaza Strip's future, because the central problem is no 
longer security, but rather the socioeconomic issue -- the need 
to maintain an orderly life in the Gaza Strip." 
  [The report adds that "the IDF troops have completed their 
redeployment in the Qatif Bloc and around the Gaza Strip."] 
  The departing Israeli troops were forced to fire tear gas at 
Palestinian stone throwers, and Palestinian police also fired in 
the air to disperse thousands of residents who tried to break 
into the brigade headquarters as the Israeli troops departed. 
  About 2,000 Palestinian policemen have already been deployed 
in the Gaza Strip, from a total force of 7,000 which will 
eventually arrive. The outgoing commander of the IDF forces in 
the Gaza Strip, Brigadier General Doron Almog, said the transfer 
of bases and authority had gone smoothly and there is good 
coordination between the two sides. [passage omitted] 

