BFN 

<F P=106> [By Y. C. Tsai] </F>
  [Text] Taipei, May 10 (CNA) -- Taiwan hopes to open its car 
market to eight countries on a quota system before the end of 
this year, Director-General Yin Chi-ming of the Industrial 
Development Bureau said Tuesday [10 May]. 
  Yin said Taiwan will seek to sign a voluntary restraint 
agreement (VRA) with Japan, South Korea, New Zealand, Australia, 
South Africa, Malaysia, Brazil, and Mexico on car imports. 
  Currently, Taiwan imports small cars without any limitations 
from the United States and Europe (excluding East European 
countries). 
  The eight countries will be given the same import quota each 
year, which will increase annually until 2000 when Taiwan's car 
market is expected to be completely open, Yin pointed out. 
  By doing so, he said, Taiwan will not lower its import duty 
on small cars, which now stands at 30 percent. 
  Taiwan's small car tariff is low compared to 200 percent in 
Mainland China and 140-300 percent in Malaysia, both of which 
rival Taiwan in car production, he elaborated. 
  Taiwan decided to open its car market wider in order to 
facilitate its entry into the Geneva-based General Agreement on 
Tariffs and Trade (GATT). Taiwan was accepted as a GATT 
observer in September 1992 and is expected to become a full 
member by the end of this year. 
  Yin stressed that Taiwan must enter into the VRA with the 
eight countries before the GATT Uruguay Round codes become 
effective on Jan. 1, 1995. The quota restriction measure, which 
does not violate the GATT spirit, is not allowed under the 
Uruguay Round codes, he said. 

