BFN 

  [Text] Chongqing, May 31 (CNS) -- According to the Foreign 
Economic and Trade Commission of Chongqing City in Sichuan 
Province, with expansion of the foreign investment size and 
widening of realm of such investment, foreign capital is playing 
an increasingly important role in promoting the development of 
Chongqing's economy. 
  Statistics have showed that there are 1,613 items utilizing 
foreign capital in the City with the contracted foreign capital 
of US$2.49 billion in the past ten or more years. The City has 
also had 1,316 three-type foreign-funded enterprises with the 
contracted foreign capital of US$1.29 billion. By the end of 
last year, foreign investment in fixed assets in the City has 
made up 15 percent of the total investment put in state-owned 
and collectively-owned enterprises, indicating that foreign 
capital has become an important source of fund-raising for 
economic construction of the City. In addition, the city has 
also gained from foreign-funded enterprises an increasing amount 
of tax revenue, which was as high as RMB 140 million [renminbi] 
last year. 
  In recent years, the City has introduced US$700 million for 
construction of basic industries and the urban infrastructure 
such as transport and telecommunications with some key programs 
like a large-scale thermal power plant, 250 000 
program-controlled telephones and a bridge over the Yangtze 
River having been completed. 
  The three-type foreign-funded enterprises have become an 
important force in the City's foreign trade sector with their 
import and export value increasing a lot every year. The export 
value of such enterprises of the City was US$22.27 million in 
1992 and the value increased to US$54.60 million last year with 
the exports involving 30 categories such as automobiles, 
electronic products, medicine and garments. 
  The city is planning to adopt more flexible ways to 
introduce 
foreign capital and has set US$3.5 billion as its target for 
utilization of the contracted foreign capital by the end of this 
century. 

