Language: <F P=105> Indonesian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The visit by Portuguese citizens of East Timorese 
origin to their native land is a blow to Ramos Horta, leader of 
Fretilin [Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor], a 
terrorist group in East Timor. Ramos Horta, who is living 
abroad, has been trying to tarnish Indonesia's image through 
various ways in the world community. Nugroho Wisnumurti, 
Indonesian permanent representative to the United Nations, told 
reporters in Dili that Ramos Horta, who is opposed to the 
integration of East Timor into Indonesia, should reckon with the 
visit by the Portuguese citizens of East Timorese origin to 
Dili, which is a step forward toward an Indonesian-Portuguese 
reconciliation. According to Ambassador Nugroho Wisnumurti, the 
international community has adopted a very different view on 
East Timor since talks between the Indonesian and Portuguese 
foreign ministers on 17 September 1993 and the informal London 
talks sometime ago. The visit of Ambassador Nugroho Wisnumurti 
who was accompanied by Indonesian Ambassador to Australia Sabam 
Siagian was, among other things, intended to provide input to 
trilateral talks involving the Indonesian and Portuguese foreign 
ministers and the United Nations to be held on 6 May. 

