Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Prague Jan 3 (CTK) -- A third editor of the weekly 
newspaper NECENZUROVANE NOVINY (Uncensored News) has brought 
suit against President Vaclav Havel in a Prague court, this time 
for defamation of character. 
  In his accusation, Editor Vladimir Pavlik claimed that Havel 
defamed him while testifying in court December 14 during his 
trial against two other editors, Petr Cibulka and Lubomir Vydra, 
who had charged Havel with making slanderous remarks against the 
newspaper. During his testimony, Havel called NECENZUROVANE 
NOVINY a "sewer spreading lies and hatred" and a "disgrace to 
our independent press." 
  Pavlik said that "since I publish regularly in the newspaper 
at issue and my name is listed in the staff box, it follows from 
my opponent's statements that my articles are spreading lies and 
hatred." 
  In consequence, he has suggested that the court order Havel 
to publish in all newspapers which published his original 
statements the following text: "The articles by Vladimir Pavlik 
in NECENZUROVANE NOVINY do not spread lies and hatred, and are 
not a disgrace to our independent press. The texts of these 
articles proves that if I were a moral and upstanding citizen, 
by virtue of my position as president I could have done much in 
the service of truth and democracy. That I have not testifies 
not only to my cowardice and positive relations to the 
perpetrators of communist-StB [State Security] crimes, but to 
the fact that for many years as a self-styled intellectual I had 
no possibility for self-realization." 

