Language: <F P=105> Japanese </F>
Article Type:CSO 

  [Text] 
<H5>  Introduction </H5>
  For minute MOS devices, oxide gate film damage caused during 
the processes of dry etching and ion implantation is 
problematic. In the ion implantation process, charge-up damage 
caused by the ionsU electric charge, and the impact of energy 
granules are major problems. Especially in the doping process by 
which source and drain are implanted simultaneously, it is 
necessary to pay attention so as not to cause damage. 
  Generally, as a way to prevent damage caused by charge-up at 
the time of ion implantation, a method is employed by which 
electrons are supplied and the positive ion beam is neutralized. 
However, sometimes because of the supply of electrons, a reverse 
negative charge is built up and the damage to the oxide film 
becomes even greater. 
  In this text, the problem of oxide film damage is discussed 
based on the results of measurements obtained from oxide film 
pressure tolerance, and the reduction of negative charge-up 
using magnetic and electrical fields. Also quantitative 
evaluation of oxide film damage at the time of ion implantation 
using the method of QBD (charge to breakdown) by 
TDDB (time dependent dielectric breakdown) is discussed. 
<H5>  Method of Experiment </H5>

<FIG ID=JPRS-JST-008LC-36A>           Figure 1. Antenna Capacitor Cross Section </FIG>




  The device used for ion implantation in this experiment is a 
batch type large electrical current ion implantation model, 
equipped with a flood gun which neutralizes the electric charge 
of the ion beam. This flood gun employs a method in which low 
energy secondary electrons from Ar atoms derived from heated 
electrons (first generation electrons) are pulled out from a 
filament and then exposed to Ar gas. The quantity of secondary 
energy is controlled by the emission current (filament bias). 


<FIG ID=JPRS-JST-008LC-36B> Figure 2. Ratio Of Good Quality Yields By Pressure Tolerance </FIG>



  In the experiment to evaluate deterioration of pressure 
tolerance in the oxide film caused by charge-up, a 15nm thick 
oxide gate film with an area of 20x20 m[.sup]2[/] was 
formed. Using an antenna capacitor (figure 1) formed by poly-Si 
electrodes with a 200 nm thick film as a test device, and an 
80keV beam current at 22mA, 5 x 10[.sup]15[/]/cm[.sup]2[/] 
As ions were implanted. The experiment was evaluated by studying 
the dependency of antenna ratio (ratio of area in electrodes and 
oxide film) on the rate of production of an oxide film with good 
pressure tolerance (&gt; 8MV/cm). 
  In the experiment to measure Q[.sup]BD[/] due to constant 
current TDDB, the same test device used in the evaluation of 
pressure tolerance was employed, and the sample to which ions 
were implanted by changing the energy and dose, and to which 
constant current stress (10mA/cm[.sup]2[/]) was applied, was 
measured. The amount of electric charge damage Q[.sup]BDO[/] 
(initial characteristic of oxide film) measured with the test 
material without ion Implantation was 47 C/cm[.sup]2[/]. 
<H5>  Damage Of Oxide Film Pressure Tolerance Caused By Charge-Up </H5>
  First of all, damage of oxide film pressure tolerance in the 
case of ion implantation without neutralized electrons is 
discussed here. When ions are implanted without operating a 
flood gun, the rate of producing material with good pressure 
tolerance tends to be low because of the high antenna ratio 
(figure 2 (a).) This is because, if the antenna ratio is higher, 
that is to say, as the area of the electrodes exposed to the ion 
beam increases, the amount of electric charge the electrodes 
receive also increases, and a large electric charge is implanted 
in the oxide film. 
  Therefore, damage of oxide film at the time of ion 
implantation depends on the electric charge to which the 
electrodes are exposed. This damage can effectively be prevented 
by neutralizing the ion beamUs positive electrical charge by 
electron exposure. For this reason, figure 2 (b) shows antenna 
ratio dependency with good pressure tolerance when ion 
implantation occurs with flood gun operation. In this case, when 
flood gun was operated, compared to ion beam exposure only, the 
rate of acceptable production declined. This is thought to be 
because electrons from the flood gun reversely cause a negative 
charge-up . Thus an experiment to verify the occurrence of this 
negative charge was conducted. 
  Under the same condition of flood gun exposure but in the 
absence of an ion beam as shown in figure 2 (b), there is an 
antenna ratio dependency to the good production rate for 
pressure tolerance, when only electrons are exposed, as shown in 
figure 2 (c). In this case, even with higher antenna ratios, it 
is observed that good production ratio for pressure tolerance is 
not reduced. By calculating the amount of electric charge 
electrodes receive from electrons as a result of the waferUs 
exposure to the electron beam, and the maximum antenna ratio, 
the amount of electric charge Q[.sup]BDC[/] 
(47C/cm[.sup]2[/]) was found not to be large enough to cause 
static damage to the oxide film. From this finding, the cause of 
negative charge-up in the case of the flood gun is thought to be 
caused by the interaction of electrons with the ion beam when 
both are present simultaneously. Therefore the following 
experiment was conducted. 
  Generally ions are implanted inside the wafer uniformly by 
wafer foil spin and scan at the time of implantation. If ions 
are implanted without scanning, then different stress can occur 
inside the wafer as shown in figure 3. Figure 4 shows the 
distribution of the oxide film pressure tolerance in the wafer. 
From this figure, it is clear that the loss of pressure 
tolerance is found initially in the peripheral area of the ion 
beam exposure region. This shows that electrons are accumulated 
at the peripheral area of the ion beam. And it is considered 
that this high density of electrons causes negative charge-up. 

<FIG ID=JPRS-JST-008LC-37A>           Figure 3. Conceptual Diagram Of Ion Implantation Without </FIG>





<FIG ID=JPRS-JST-008LC-37B>           Figure 4. Distribution Of Pressure Tolerance When Ions Are </FIG>




<H5>  Control of Electron By Magnetic Field </H5>
  Although negative charge-up occurs as electrons reach the 
wafer, when charge-up advances to some level, electrons having 
low energy can not reach the wafer, and charge-up will not 
advance. Therefore even if there is a high density of low energy 
electrons, the charge-up at that point may not contribute to 
oxide film damage. That is to say, in the prevention of negative 
charge-up, the supply of low energy electrons to the wafer is 
important. 
  In the ion implantation device used this time, an upward 
direction of magnetic field was observed near the wafer. In this 
case, as seen in figure 5 (a), first generation electrons 
released from flood gun, can reach the wafer. Thus, as shown in 
figure 5 (b), an experiment was conducted in which the direction 
of the magnetic field was changed to the opposite direction, and 
the orbit of first generation electrons was reversed, that is 
opposite of the wafer direction. 

<FIG ID=JPRS-JST-008LC-38A> Figure 5. Conceptual Diagram Electron Orbit To The </FIG>



  Figure 6 shows the result of an experiment in which the 
direction of the magnetic field was reversed. In this 
experiment, the condition was established so that the density of 
electrons reaching the wafer became evenly dispersed, 
independent of the direction of the magnetic field. When the 
magnetic field is in an upward direction, as the antenna ratio 
increases, the production rate of material with good pressure 
tolerance decreases, however with a downward magnetic field, it 
was found that as the antenna ratio increases the rate of good 
material production is maintained. This is thought to be because 
the direction of electron orbits with higher energy are bent in 
a reverse direction by the magnetic field, and as a result the 
distribution of electron energy that reaches wafer is changed 
(figure 7). In the case of an upward directed magnetic field, 
the maximum energy level of electrons reaching the wafer is the 
same as the filament bias (electron heat pulled out by the 
applied voltage), and it is thought that first generation 
electrons are reaching the wafer. On the other hand, it was 
found that in the case of a downward directed magnetic field, 
even though filament bias is high, only low energy second 
generation electrons reach the wafer, and high energy first 
generation electrons are fully eliminated. 

<FIG ID=JPRS-JST-008LC-38B>           Figure 6. Distribution Of Pressure Tolerance Good </FIG>





<FIG ID=JPRS-JST-008LC-39A>           Figure 7. Distribution Of Pressure Tolerance Good Product </FIG>




  By doing this, it was found that controlling high energy 
electron orbits by using an electrical field effectively 
prevented damage to oxide film pressure tolerance caused by 
negative charge. 
<H5>  Control Of Electrons By Electrical Field </H5>
  In this section, we discuss the result of experiments in 
which the electron energy reaching the wafer is effectively 
changed by applying a DC bias to the wafer, in addition to the 
effect of the magnetic field. In the experiments, -10V and +10V 
bias voltages are applied to the wafer while the magnetic field 
was directed downward. 
  Figure 7 (a) shows the antenna dependency of good product 
rate of oxide film pressure tolerance when bias is applied to 
wafer. The electron energy at this point is shifted as much as 
the amount of the bias current (figure 7 (b). When a positive 
bias is applied, maximum electron energy is controlled at a low 
level, even though the higher antenna ratio will maintain a good 
product rate. 
  Thus, for prevention of charge at the time of large current 
ion implantation, it is important to supply low energy 
electrons. By using magnetic and electrical fields, the test 
verified that the method to control the electron energy using 
magnetic and electrical field is valid. Also the experiment this 
time found that the oxide film pressure tolerance will not 
deteriorate when the distribution of electron energy supplied is 
less than 40-50 eV. 
<H5>  Evaluation Of Oxide Film Damage By Q </H5>
[.sup]BD[/] Method 
  In the following, evaluation of oxide film damage due to ion 
implantation employing the method of Q[.sup]BD[/] with 
constant quantities is discussed. In this experiment, after ions 
are injected under each antenna capacitor in conditions having 
various antenna ratios (As+: 30-80keV, 5x10[.sup]14[/] - 2 x 
10[.sup]16[/]/cm[.sup]2[/]), electric charge 
Q[.sup]BD[/] causing damage by applying constant current 
stress (10mA/cm[.sup]2[/]) was measured. Figure 8 (a) and (b) 
are the measurements plotted for Q[.sup]BD[/] against the 
stress of electric charge Q[.sup]ST[/] (amount of electric 
charge that antenna receives) by ion implantation. Figure 8 (a) 
shows that Q[.sup]ST[/] changes with dose, and figure 8 (b) 
shows Q[.sup]ST[/] also changes with the antenna ratio. The 
value of Q[.sup]BD[/] when Q[.sub]ST[/] = 0 shows 
Q[.sup]BD0[/] (47C/cm[.sup]2[/]), and the other plot shows 
the value of Q[.sup]BD[/] after each stress is applied. 
Namely, it shows how oxide film is damaged by ion implantation 
stress. The broken line is the line shown by the equation of 
Q[.sup]BD[/] = Q[.sub]BD0[/] -Q[.sub]ST[/], and like 
the constant current TDDB, it shows damage to the extent that 
the electric charge that flows in the oxide film reduces 
Q[.sup]BD[/]. 


<FIG ID=JPRS-JST-008LC-40A>           Figure 8. Relation Between Q[.sup]BD[/] And Ion </FIG>




  When ion implantation energy is low (30keV), dependency of 
dose Q[.sup]BD[/], and antenna ratio dependency are almost on 
the same direct line, and the characteristic is similar to that 
of the broken line. This demonstrates that the damage of oxide 
film is proportional to ion implantation stress and it 
progresses along with constant current TDDB. On the other hand, 
the figure shows that when ion implantation energy is high 
(&gt; 50keV), Q[.sup]BD[/] dose dependency and antenna ratio 
dependency tend to be different. The antenna ratio dependency 
shows the characteristic of flatness which indicates that oxide 
film damage is not dependent on the amount of electric charge. 
From this and reduction of Q[.sup]BD[/] by increase of dose, 
it can be said that the increased amount of ion exposure rather 
than the electrical charge contributes to the damage. Also, even 
in implanted ion profile which is in range of energy collected 
in the shallow region in poly-Si, it should be noted that damage 
to the oxide film is considered to be caused by ion exposure. 
  Therefore, for damage of oxide film due to ion implantation, 
three modes of damages can be cited: Damage that depends on the 
amount of implantation of electric charge which is significant 
in the low energy region; damage that depends on the amount of 
ion exposure which is significant in the higher energy region; 
and damage in the early stage that depends on the implantation 
energy. In the case of the damage caused by the amount of 
electric charge implanted, it is possible to reduce this by 
supplying neutral electrons, but since the damage by ion 
exposure will have bad a effect on the reliability of the oxide 
film, it is necessary to be cautious. 
<H5>  Conclusion </H5>
  At the time of large current ion implantation, damage to the 
pressure tolerance of oxide film caused by charge up was 
studied. It was found that negative charge-up, in the case when 
neutral electrons are employed, is generated when excess high 
energy electrons exist, and when these electrons collect around 
the high density ion beam to which the material is exposed. And, 
as a way of preventing this negative charge-up, it was found 
through the results of our experiments in which a magnetic field 
was applied near the wafer or a DC bias was applied to the 
wafer, so that the distribution of electron energies reaching 
the wafer was controlled, and only the high energy electrons 
were eliminated, that the negative charge-up was effectively 
reduced. As a benchmark indicator for lowering the energy, we 
found that when the electron energy reaching the wafer is 
controlled to less than 40eV, damage of pressure tolerance in 
the oxide film was not seen even with capacitors having high 
antenna ratios. 
  From the evaluation found using the Q[.sup]BD[/] method to 
assess the damage of oxide film due to ion implantation, it was 
determined that there are two causes: One mode is derived from 
the amount of implantation of electrical charge and is seen when 
the implanted energy is quite low, and another mode is derived 
from ion exposure and is seen when the implanted energy is 
relatively high. It was found that in the former case, the 
relation of the amount of implantation of electric charge and 
Q[.sup]BD[/] is almost the same as the constant current TDDB, 
and in the latter case, the amount of damage becomes greater as 
the injected energy becomes higher. 
  From the discussion above, for the prevention oxide film 
damage during the process of ion implantation to gate 
electrodes, it is important to pay attention to the relation 
between the film density at gate electrodes and the energy 
implanted, so that ion exposure damage can be prevented, and 
furthermore, charge-up damage can be prevented by supplying low 
energy electrons. 
  For their help in conducting this research we thank our 
associates at Applied Materials Japan, Incorporated. 

