Language: <F P=105> Portuguese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Foreign Minister Mohamed Salah Dembri by </F>
Abel Coelho de Morais; place and date not given] 
  [Excerpt] [passage omitted] [Coelho] A conference for 
national dialogue which is to determine Algeria's future is 
currently being prepared. Are you afraid that this initiative 
will lead to a dead end, in view of the intention not to attend 
that has already been expressed by various political forces? 
  [Dembri] Two important processes of reforms are unfolding in 
Algeria, one linked to the political transition and the other 
concerning the economic reforms. In the first case, we are 
trying without exceptions to secure an agreement on the 
transitional period, which should not exceed three years. The 
conference will take place 25-26 January, and the platform and 
the institutions will be determined at it. 
  When this aim has been achieved, the country will be 
administered until the holding of presidential and legislative 
elections within a maximum period of three years, which could, 
however, be brought forward. 
  With respect to the economic reform, this is aimed at 
achieving a market economy. The legal instruments for running 
the transition and undertaking the reforms of the central bank's 
regulations have already been created. Last, we are negotiating 
with the IMF our foreign debt and the structural adjustments in 
our economy, a process which should be completed by the end of 
the month. 
  [Coelho] But this strategy does not in itself exhaust the 
fundamentalists' demands... 
  [Dembri] We know that the security issue worries other 
countries, but I can say that the terrorist actions which have 
occurred in Algeria do not necessarily originate inside the 
country. They are connected with the international situation, 
and they stem from the deterioration of the economic situation 
in the Third World. 
  [Coelho] Are you not concerned about the absence of 
important political parties from the dialogue proposed by the 
government? 
  [Dembri] There have been organizations which decided to take 
part and which later backtracked, but we must not despair. 
Algeria needs everybody. Only two conditions are set: 
Renouncing violence and respect for the constituent elements of 
the national identity. 
  [Coelho] "Without exception" includes organizations or 
figures linked to the fundamentalists... 
  [Dembri] The fundamentalists were not considered in 
particular. Everybody is accepted, provided that they accept 
the criteria which I mentioned. 
  [Coelho] Is the release of fundamentalist militants over the 
past few days a signal to the Islamic Salvation Front? 
  [Dembri] The invitations to the conference were made on the 
basis of openness. In this context, the measures adopted by the 
authorities reflect their idea of the normal running of the 
state and society... 
  [Coelho] Following the conference and with the winding up of 
the High State Committee, what kind of solution will be adopted 
during the transitional period which you propose? 
  [Dembri] There will be a presidential council, a government, 
and a transitional council comprising 180 people, which will 
function as a parliament, overseeing the government's activity. 
  [Coelho] And who will form the government? 
  [Dembri] According to the constitutional rules, the head of 
government, but, in view of the nature of the transitional 
period, it is clear that the choices will be made on the basis 
of openness. 
  [Coelho] You mentioned agreements which are about to be 
signed with the IMF. What are Algeria's economic priorities? To 
accelerate the reforms? 
  [Dembri] First, the debt must be treated in a way which will 
enable us to achieve a market economy without major social 
tensions. We hope that the IMF will not apply too strong a 
remedy for our economic system. We have an industrial system 
which we must set on its feet again, agriculture also needs 
major investments, and it is necessary to create jobs and boost 
public works. We hope that the negotiation with the IMF and the 
World Bank will not impose on us excessively tough structural 
adjustment measures: "constraints," as they are called in the 
IMF's language. 
  [Coelho] Within the framework of Algeria's strategy of a 
stronger link and cooperation with Europe, how would you define 
your country's relations with the European Union [EU] right now? 
  [Dembri] The EU holds the first place in our foreign trade. 
We wish to strengthen that cooperation through an agreement 
whose long-term aim will be the creation of a free trade area 
covering the Twelve and Algeria. Two lines of cooperation have 
already been defined by the EU -- one in the direction of the 
former USSR, the other aimed at the southern flank, the 
Mediterranean, and the Maghreb countries. 
  [Coelho] The dialogue between Europe and the Maghreb within 
the framework of the Five Plus Five group is deadlocked. Is it 
feasible to surmount the deadlock, or must alternative ways be 
sought in order not to lose this stage of cooperation between 
the two sides of the Mediterranean? 
  [Dembri] The dialogue within the framework of the Five Plus 
Five group is deadlocked owing to one problem -- the Lockerbie 
case. There is explicit opposition on the part of certain 
European countries to any Five Plus Five group meeting attended 
by the Maghreb country targeted over this affair (Libya). On 
the other hand, the nature of the Mediterranean area's problems 
requires constant consultation. So what is to be done? Either 
we move toward bilateral consultation processes or we must find 
a formula which will enable us to continue to meet. It is at 
this point that we find ourselves. 
  [Coelho] Algeria is following the Israeli-Arab dialogue as 
an interested party. What do you expect of the agreement 
between Tel Aviv and the PLO? What kind of relationship is 
beginning between Israel and the Arabs? 
  [Dembri] The agreement on Jericho and Gaza must develop 
favorably as a first step toward an overall solution to the 
Middle East problem. There must also be appropriate treatment 
of everything concerning the Palestinian problem, the 
establishment of a sovereign Palestinian entity, and the 
resolution of other regional problems, including Syria's 
relations with Israel and Lebanon's relations with Israel. 
  But this is not the only international problem that worries 
us. There is another.... 
  [Coelho] Which? 
  [Dembri] Bosnia, which is suffering terribly. Hence we want 
Europe and the international community to pledge to end this 
tragedy, the aggression against Bosnia's Muslims to cease, and 
the Bosnian unitary state to be safeguarded within the borders 
recognized by the international community.... 
  [Coelho] How? 
  [Dembri] It must not be forgotten that Bosnia became a UN 
member following a referendum held in the country at the 
international community's request. There are decisions by the 
international community which must be respected, but we should 
not forget that the embargo on Bosnia now mainly harms the 
Bosnians -- not their Serbian aggressors. 

