Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report from the "NTC News" newscast] </F>
  [Text] According to a report that "NTC News" has obtained, 
Roberto Escobar plans to reorganize the Medellin Cartel's 
terrorist network from the Itagui jail. After Pablo Escobar's 
death, a struggle took place within the Medellin Cartel for its 
control. As a result, Roberto Escobar was attacked. It is 
believed a group under the leadership of Fidel Castano, alias 
Rambo, was behind this attack. Gustavo Tapia, alias Techo; Luis 
Carlos Molina Jepes; Miguel Angel Builen; and (Mickey Ramirez) 
comprise the group. 
  The members of the splinter group hit by Pablo Escobar are 
demanding the return of their properties that was seized and $20 
million. To meet these demands, Pablo Escobar's widow Maria 
Victoria Henao; her brother Fernando Henao, alias Hierbas; and 
those incarcerated in the Bogota jails, Carlos Mario Urquijo, 
Fernando Pozada Fierro, Luis Carlos Aguilar, and Gustavo 
Gutierrez Arrula have reached an agreement, through attorneys, 
to return all the properties. This group, under the leadership 
of Rafael Galeano and Mireya Moncada, are supported by the Cali 
cartel and Fidel Castano. In addition, they demand all the 
properties of all the cartel members who are incarcerated be 
returned as compensation for the deaths of their relatives. This 
agreement has been accepted by some of the incarcerated 
individuals and by Pablo Escobar's widow. 
  Roberto Escobar, as successor to the Medellin Cartel chief, 
however, does not accept this agreement. Therefore, he wants the 
inmates to be transferred from Santa Fe de Bogota to Medellin to 
reorganize and reactive the militias and the gangs that have 
always operated with Medellin Cartel funds. 

