BFN 

<F P=106> [From 4 April EESTI SENUMID, PAEVALEHT, pp 1,3,5; "News </F>
Bulletin" No. 63/94] 
  [Text] A Russian border guard was killed and two others 
injured near the Koidula border checkpoint on April 1 as they 
attempted to detain two suspected illegal border crossers. 
  The two were stopped on the Russian side of the border at 
03.50 by a three-man patrol, which called a car from the guard 
station. The criminals unexpectedly opened fire and escaped. 
The Russian border guard failed to determine whether they 
crossed the border or remained to the Russian side. 
  The Estonian border guard was immediately informed of the 
incident and closed all roads leading inland. The police, the 
Home Guard and the Defence League were also mobilised in the 
search. 
  The Russian Foreign Ministry called Estonian Ambassador Juri 
Kahn to the ministry and handed over an appeal to the Estonian 
law enforcement agencies for help in finding the killers. The 
Russian side is convinced in a criminal nature of the incident 
and does not consider it a provocation, Kahn announced. 
  President Lennart Meri phoned Russian Ambassador Aleksandr 
Trofimov on April 1 and asked the ambassador to relay his 
condolences to the family of the killed border guard. The 
President also assured the Russian Ambassador of Estonia's 
cooperation in search of the criminals. 
  The Estonian Interior Ministry considers it possible that 
the 
men may have been illegal arms dealers. The pistols used were 
"TT", an outdated Soviet army pistol. Thousands of pistols of 
that make have been imported in Estonia recently and the police 
suspects that the weapons are meant for the Russian underground. 
  The Defence Police announced of the arrest of a 
forty-year-old man connected with an attempt to transport a 
large number of "TT" pistols to Russia. 

