Language: <F P=105> Greek </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Foivos Karzis in Ioannina] </F>
  [Excerpt] [passage omitted] The main issue at the EU 
[European Union] Council of Ministers' unofficial meeting in 
Ioannina was the EU's enlargement and efforts to avert a 
stalemate in the process. Correspondent Dhimitrios Petikhakis 
has more details on the prospects following the talks here in 
Ioannina. 
  [Begin Petikhakis recording] On the surface, the 
disagreement 
is over how many minority votes are necessary to change the 
decisions of the majority. This issue can be clarified with the 
new treaty on the enlargement that will be signed by the 12 EU 
members, their national parliaments, and the European 
Parliament. The issue was discussed seriously for the first 
time here in Ioannina. We are not the ones to say this, rather 
it was said by British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd. EU 
Commission President Jacques Delors said that a compromise 
formula was found, thanks to the presidency, that is acceptable 
to all here. However, will it be acceptable to the British 
cabinet and Prime Minister John Major? If not, the EU's 
enlargement will be postponed. If yes, the enlargement will 
take place normally on 1 January 1995. Anyway, the positions of 
both Mr. Major and Mr. Hurd are at stake. We will know by 
Tuesday [29 March] or Wednesday at the latest. The agreement 
reached in Ioannina is to be signed by Wednesday morning. 
  Further beneath the surface is whether the minimum number of 
votes needed to block a decision will be 23 or 27. Almost at 
the bottom is the issue of how the European Union will operate 
in the next three years. During this time, all issues will be 
at stake, including common currency, economic policy, and 
legislation on competition. In other words, what is at stake is 
national economic interests. At that time, the 23 or 25 or 27 
votes will be worth a few billion ECU. [end recording] [passage 
omitted] 

