Language: <F P=105> Greek </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Answering reporters' questions, government spokesman 
Evangelos Venizelos made the following statement: During his 
meeting today with Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou, European 
Union [EU] Commissioner Hans Van Den Broek did not table any 
compromise solution but merely asked that Greece unilaterally 
lift the measures against Skopje [The Former Yugoslav Republic 
of Macedonia--FYROM] for reasons of respect for community law. 
  The prime minister made it absolutely clear that Greece 
considers Cyrus Vance's mission to be particularly significant 
and has submitted its well-known and specific proposals within 
this framework. The prime minister also noted the special 
responsibility of the EU and its members not to encourage [FYROM 
President Kiro] Gligorov's intransigence directly or indirectly. 
He said there is obviously no legal approach on the issue 
within the framework of the Maastricht Treaty and in no case 
would it downgrade the political aspect of the issue which is 
connected to the country's security and stability in the greater 
region. The spokesman's statement concludes: The political 
dimension of the issue constitutes an adequate legal basis for 
the Greek measures against Skopje both at an international and 
community law level. 

