BFN 

<F P=106> [TA SR report: "Moravcik Expects the Present Coalition To Be </F>
Victorious in the Elections"] 
  [Text] Bratislava--One hundred days before the elections, 
Slovak Prime Minister Jozef Moravcik is confident that the 
coalition parties making up the present government will be 
victorious. "We must convince our people that it is possible to 
govern without Meciar in Slovakia," the acting Slovak prime 
minister told the Austrian APA agency in an interview. 
  According to Moravcik, the evolution of the political 
orientation of citizens in Slovakia has not yet ended. "It is 
deplorable that as much as 30 percent of Slovakia's population 
still leans toward parties with extremist tendencies. Although 
there is not much time left before the extraordinary elections, 
I suppose that many of these citizens could still be persuaded 
not to vote for the Movement for a Democratic Slovakia (HZDS) or 
the Slovak National Party (SNS). At any rate, Meciar's HZDS 
should not emerge from the fall elections victorious. In the 
event of an electoral fiasco of his party, Meciar would perhaps 
leave the Slovak political stage forever because he is not the 
type of politician who would be ready or able to wait four years 
for his next chance." 
  In the economic sphere, the Slovak prime minister reckons 
that there will soon be an increase of taxes. He hopes, 
however, that the citizens of Slovakia will have understanding 
for these government measures, all the more so because his 
Cabinet is planning to raise pensions in the interest of 
alleviating the social consequences [of the tax hikes]. 

