BFN 

<F P=106> ["What is Happening in Crimea?" -- UNIAR headline] </F>
  [Excerpts] Simferopol, 19 May -- [passage omitted: 
Kuznetsov's allegations of attempt to storm Crimean Interior 
Ministry] The press service of the main center for public links 
of the Ukrainian Interior Ministry considers that this is 
"another attempt to deceive the public of Crimea and Ukraine." 
In reality, all that happened was that a commission from 
Ukraine's Interior Ministry headed by Valentyn Nedryhaylo, 
Ukraine's first deputy minister of internal affairs, arrived in 
Crimea. [passage omitted] 
  Because the Crimean side was not informed ahead of time of 
the arrival at 0300 [on 19 May] of the Ukrainian internal 
affairs commission headed by Valentyn Nedryhaylo, who was 
accompanied by 15 "special force [spetsnaz] troops," the 
commission considers that this was a blatant violation. 
Valentyn Nedryhaylo also admitted that representatives of the 
power department acted "rather improperly." But in the words of 
the "spetsnaz" themselves, there was no attempt at an assault. 
  By way of confirmation, Oleksiy Tkach, a representative of 
Ukraine's Interior Ministry press center, demonstrated video 
scenes of all the night's events to representatives of the 
television and radio company "Crimea." 
  It is interesting that after General Kuznetsov's speech at 
the session of the Crimean Supreme Council, deputies appointed 
him minister of internal affairs of the Republic of Crimea. 

