Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Havana, 2 Mar (EFE) -- A spokesperson for the Cuban 
dissident movement reported today Sebastian Arcos, a human 
rights activist, was "brutally beaten." The incident occurred 
last 28 February by a group of common criminals serving time at 
Cienfuegos Prison, where Arcos is being held. 
  Jesus Yanez Pelletier said the attack occurred when the 
group 
of criminals tried to take a package of food Arcos had tied to 
his arm while he slept. "Sebastian awoke," he said, "and they 
beat him." 
  According to Yanez Pelletier, the authorities have kept 
Arcos 
in solitary confinement since the incident. His relatives in 
Cienfuegos have been unable to see him. 
  The spokesperson, a member of the Cuban Human Rights 
Committee [CCPDH], said he was advised of the incident from a 
source inside the penitentiary. Sebastian Arcos is a vice 
president of the CCPDH, and his brother, Gustavo, is president. 
  Yanez Pelletier held "the government" responsible for the 
attack, and reported it to the Spanish Embassy in Havana. 
Diplomatic sources have confirmed receiving the report. 
  Sebastian Arcos, 63, was sentenced to four years and eight 
months in prison in 1992 for the crime of "enemy propaganda 
activities." He was accused of dispersing false reports about 
alleged murders, disappearances, and torture. 
  The two brothers, Sebastian and Gustavo, each served a 
two-year sentence during the Fulgencio Batista dictatorship. 
They were again imprisoned for "trying to leave the country 
illegally" in 1981. 
  Spanish authorities have repeatedly requested Sebastian 
Arcos' release. Cuba will only allow his freedom if he goes 
straight from prison to the airport and then on to Madrid. 
  According to sources within the group, Arcos refuses to 
leave 
the country. 

