BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with PLO Executive Committee member Samir </F>
Ghawshah by Rashid Khashanah in Tunis on 19 May] 
  [Excerpts] [Khashanah] When will President Yasir 'Arafat 
go to Jericho and the National Authority begin its duties? 
  [Ghawshah] The authority began to exercise its role on 18 
May. A number of members are already inside the occupied 
territories. The completion of the police forces' entry and the 
transfer of powers from the Israelis will prepare conditions for 
the entry of Abu-'Ammar [Yasir 'Arafat] and the other members of 
the authority. I expect this to happen early next month. 
[passage omitted] 
  [Khashanah] Have you decided in the Executive Committee 
which departments will be moved to Jericho and which will stay 
in Tunis? 
  [Ghawshah] The fundamental thing is for the PLO's standing 
to continue. And the focus should be on the PLO as the sole 
legitimate representative of the Palestinian people and the 
leader of their struggle in their various groupings inside and 
outside the occupied homeland. And any policies for the stage 
ahead should help to achieve the PLO's aims, namely the right to 
self-determination and the establishment of a Palestinian state 
with Jerusalem as its capital. 
  So it is necessary for some departments like the Political 
Department to remain temporarily outside the occupied homeland, 
especially as the Palestinian-Israeli accord prevents the 
Palestinian national authority from exercising its role at 
foreign relations level. [passage omitted] 
  [Khashanah] The Palestinians demand that negotiations on the 
final stage begin now. How can conditions be secured to achieve 
that? 
  [Ghawshah] We clearly voiced out reservations about the 
agreements concluded, whether during the Executive Committee's 
discussions, the Central Council's debates, or in separate 
statements. However, despite our reservations, we believe that 
it is possible to exert pressure to implement the resolutions of 
international legitimacy as soon as possible, first and foremost 
with regard to speeding up negotiations on the final stage. 
  It requires that the Arab world and the international 
community move to bolster the Palestinian people's just struggle 
and help them to recover their rights, first and foremost the 
right to repatriation and self-determination, and to establish 
an independent state with Jerusalem as its capital. 
  [Khashanah] The economic Palestinian-Israeli agreement has 
cast shadows on Jordanian-Palestinian relations which have not 
been cleared by the recent meeting between the Jordanian 
information minister and the PLO Economic Department director. 
How will you reduce Jordan's concerns? 
  [Ghawshah] We proceed from the special relationship between 
the Palestinian and Jordanian peoples, which is deeper and more 
comprehensive than any present or future agreement. 
  And of course, the interest in this special relationship 
should be translated into tangible realities in all spheres and 
at all levels. As for recent economic talks, they dealt with 
basic issues concerning monetary, trade, and tourism issues, 
which are all part of an agreement concluded between Jordan and 
Palestine. And efforts must continue to secure practical and 
tangible agreements that serve the two peoples in the present 
and the future. [passage omitted] 

