Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Tamara Ivanova] </F>
  [Text] Moscow, 10 Feb--The current action by communications 
workers in which the first and second TV channels were switched 
off in some Russian Federation regions shows once again that the 
government should promptly draw up a comprehensive concept for 
the functioning of the electronic media, Grigoriy Shevelev, 
first deputy chairman of "Ostankino" Russian state TV and radio 
company, believes. He told an ITAR-TASS correspondent that, 
"with all due understanding for the problems of communications 
workers, to deprive television viewers cannot be the only way to 
solve the problems of the industry". 
  Having mentioned that "Ostankino" was taking measures to 
reduce nighttime and daytime broadcasting, Shevelev does not 
believe, however, that such economical measures will help on a 
large scale. In his view, the solution lies in a search for ways 
to ensure a more efficient signal propagation in the Russian 
Federation and in the use of more advanced and economical 
technologies. According to Shevelev, introducing the payment of 
rent for television will improve the situation to a degree, a 
measure that will make television directly dependent on the 
interests of viewers at the same time. 
  Shevelev sees the primary need to be a state program for 
developing the electronic media, which would determine a 
correlation between federal and regional television, prospects 
for developing cable networks, and other problems. 

