Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, 5 Jan (XINHUA) -- Qiao Shi, chairman of 
the Standing Committee of the Chinese National People's Congress 
(NPC), met here today with a visiting U.S. Senate delegation 
headed by Bennett Johnston, chairman of its Energy and Natural 
Resources Committee. 
  Qiao had a friendly talk with the U.S. visitors on China's 
legislation and relations between the two countries. 
  Qiao noted that legislation, especially as regards the 
economy, is a major task of the NPC, adding that China is now 
building a socialist market economy and related laws should be 
made in China to consistently consolidate the socialist market 
economy. 
  Touching on Sino-U.S. relations, Qiao said that Sino-U.S. 
relations are very important, and China attaches great 
importance to developing relations with the United States. 
  He expressed the hope that the divergence [fen qi 0433 2978] 
between the two countries could be solved through consultation 
and dialogue. 
  Johnston noted that Sino-U.S. relations are very important, 
saying that he witnesses great changes in China each time he 
visits the country. 
  The United States hopes to see a strong, prosperous, secure 
and stable China, Johnston said. This will not only accord with 
China's interests but also with those of the United Statrs, he 
added. 
  He said he hoped that China would perfect its legal system 
together with its economic development. 
  Liu Shuqing, president of the Chinese People's Institute of 
Foreign Affairs, was present on the occasion. 

