Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, February 23 (KCNA) -- A national 
symposium was held here Tuesday marking the 30th anniversary of 
the publication of "Theses on the Socialist Rural Question in 
Our Country", a work of the great leader President Kim Il-song 
(February 25, 1964). 
  The rural theses is a flawless great programme of socialist 
rural construction which gives comprehensive and perfect answers 
to all the theoretical and practical questions arising in the 
solution of the rural questions ranging from the essence of the 
socialist rural question and the basic principle of its solution 
to the tasks for the building of the socialist countryside and 
ways for their fulfilment. 
  The symposium was attended by Yi Chong-ok, Politburo member 
of the C.C. [Central Committee], the Workers' Party of Korea and 
vice-president; Hong Song- nam, alternate Politburo member of 
the C.C., the WPK and vice-premier of the Administration 
Council; Kim Ki-nam and So Kwan-hui, secretaries of the C.C., 
the WPK, and other officials concerned. 
  Speakers stressed that the respected leader Comrade Kim 
Il-song, on the basis of the chuche idea, set forth the 
programme of rural construction that indicates scientifically 
and theoretically the way of resolving the peasant and 
agricultural problems in conformity with the essential 
requirements of socialist society, thereby spreading the first 
bright blueprint in history for a final solution of the rural 
question and providing a powerful ideological and theoretical 
weapon for vigorously pushing on socialist rural construction. 
  They said the theses on the socialist rural question is an 
immortal great programme of socialist rural construction whose 
truth and validity have been verified through practice. 
  They noted that it is world-historic feats performed by the 
great leader Comrade Kim Il-song and the dear leader Comrade Kim 
Chong-il in accomplishing the cause of socialism that our 
country has been effecting fundamental changes in rural 
construction and successfully resolving the peasant and 
agricultural problems by implementing the socialist rural theses 
with success. 
  The speakers laid stress on the need to study and grasp more 
deeply our party's idea and theory on socialist rural 
construction and continuously consolidate and develop the 
achievements made in implementing the rural theses, thus 
defending and glorifying Korean-style socialism. 

