BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Ghandi Montoya for the "Up-to-Date" newscast] </F>
  [Text] According to an article published by a local 
newspaper on 7 April, Orlando Arevalo, a Christian Democratic 
Party [PDC] deputy, said that he, as a peasant leader, will 
support ARENA [Nationalist Republican Alliance] in the 24 April 
runoff elections. The PDC leadership, however, believes Arevalo 
spoke on behalf of the party and thus has reiterated its 
position on the upcoming presidential runoff elections. 
  [Begin unidentified speaker recording] We have not committed 
our votes to Armando Calderon Sol or to Ruben Zamora. We have 
said that rank and file party members are free to vote for 
whomever they choose. Any view expressed by a member of the 
party must be interpreted as his personal views. [end recording] 
  Despite this statement, and even though the newspaper that 
carried Arevalo's statements said he spoke on behalf of the 
peasant union he represents, his deputy colleagues believe he 
disregarded the party statutes. 
  [Begin unidentified speaker recording] The party statutes 
state that party members who express to opposition parties, on 
television or radio programs, or to the press positions that are 
contrary to the party's political policy will be subject to 
expulsion or suspension. This man has done just that. [end 
recording] 
  The PDC, as well as other parties that did not get a 
majority 
of votes during the 20 March elections, have said that their 
rank and file will be free to vote for the candidate of their 
choice during the 24 April runoff election. 

