Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Brazzaville, 27 Jan (AFP)--On 27 January, the 
Congolese Workers' Federation [Confederation Syndicale des 
Travailleurs Congolais, CSTC] -- one of the leading Congolese 
trades unions -- called for an "indefinite" general strike 
starting from 6 February to compel the government to increase 
civil servants' salary by 70 percent. 
  A communique issued by the CSTC states that the salary 
increase will enable 80,000 civil servants "to offset the 
deficit caused by the CFA franc devaluation as well as 
counterbalance its unfavorable effects. The federation is also 
calling for the settlement of "at least" four months' salary 
arrears out of the 10 months' arrears owed to civil servants. 
Following the devaluation, the Congolese Government dropped its 
decision to reduce civil servants' salary by 20 to 35 percent as 
part of the structural adjustment program adopted shortly before 
the devaluation. 
  Furthermore, the federation is calling on the government not 
to "lay off" the 7,000 civil workers whose irregular status was 
discovered by the State Inspection Board during a recent check. 
The CSTC was created in December 1993 by dissidents of the 
Congolese Trades Union Confederation [CSC] and has 40,000 
members. It is led by Mr. Louis Gondou, who was formerly CSC's 
second in command. 

