BFN 

  [Excerpts] The President, His Highness Shaykh Zayid 
Bin-Sultan Al Nuhayyan, received Shaykh 'Abdallah Bin-Husayn 
al-Ahmar, the Yemeni speaker of the House of Representatives, 
and his delegation in al-Wafrah rest house yesterday. Talks 
dealt with the current events in Yemen and the tragedy resulting 
from these events. [passage omitted] 
  A responsible source in the Foreign Ministry has stated that 
the president affirmed during the meeting that the United Arab 
Emirates [UAE] stands by the fraternal Yemeni people in 
realizing whatever they deem proper and acceptable to them 
because their happiness and prosperity are the aim for which all 
must work. 
  The source added that the president expressed the hope that 
the Yemeni people will overcome their tragedy and said that the 
UAE is eager to exert its sincere efforts to stop the bloodshed 
and will support anything that aims to serve Yemen's interests 
and benefit the Yemeni people out of its desire to preserve 
Yemen's security and stability and protect the Yemeni people's 
national achievements. 
  The source pointed out that during the meeting, the 
president 
renewed his appeal to the Yemeni sides to respond to calls for 
an immediate cease-fire. 
  Shaykh 'Abdallah al-Ahmar left the for Sanaa today after his 
visit to the UAE. He was seen off by al-Hajj Bin-'Abdallah 
al-Mihribi, speaker of the National Federal Council, a number of 
officials, and the Yemeni Ambassador in Abu Dhabi. 

