Language: <F P=105> Serbo-Croatian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] A session of the Bosnia-Herzegovina Assembly that 
will, among other things, discuss the signing of the agreement 
on the federation between the Bosniaks, the Muslims, and the 
Croats in Bosnia-Herzegovina, will be held at the end of March 
or at the beginning of April this year, Assembly Chairman Miro 
Lazovic emphasized at today's session of a group of deputies of 
the republican Assembly from Sarajevo. 
  After the publication of the draft Bosnia-Herzegovina 
constitution and other documents that will be passed, it is 
necessary to immediately activate the constitutional commission, 
the human rights' commission, and the commission for the 
legislative-legal issues of the Bosnia-Herzegovina Assembly in 
order to prepare the assembly session as best as possible, 
Assembly Secretary General Aldo Campara said. 
  I believe that the commissions should work in their full 
makeup, namely that the deputies of the Croatian Democratic 
Community [HDZ] should also take part in their work, while we 
must also secure the arrival of Deputy Assembly Chairman 
Mariofil Ljubic to the Assembly session, deputy Muharem Cero 
said. 
  Rasim Kadic emphasized that the deputies throughout the 
republic must receive an invitation to resume contacts with the 
representatives of the HDZ and proposed the holding of a joint 
meeting prior to the Bosnia-Herzegovina Assembly session. 

