BFN 

<F P=106> [From the press review] </F>
  [Text] Under the headline "An Urgent Mission To Save the 
Yemeni People," TISHRIN calls for halting the Yemeni war between 
the two parts of Yemen. TISHRIN stresses that this great 
bloodshed in Yemen, accompanied by destruction, bombardment, 
successes, defeats, and sieges, is pushing Yemen back to the 
Middle Ages, leaving behind grudges and backwardness. It is a 
mistake to believe Yemen's problems can be resolved by military 
means, pressure, and coercion. These can never lead to the 
prosperity, advancement, and democracy sought by the people of 
Yemen. 
  TISHRIN urges everyone to heed the voice of reason and 
wisdom 
and to be aware of the dangers of a persisting war, of its 
regional and international repercussions, and its adverse 
effects on the Yemenis themselves. The paper says it is 
necessary to transcend trivialities and personal, selfish 
tendencies, for Yemen's safety and existence are being 
challenged and are being put to the test. Therefore, everyone 
must realize that only dialogue can thwart and encircle the 
dangers and save Yemen and its institutions from destruction, 
internationalization, and genocide. 
  Concluding, TISHRIN says: From that premise, the mission of 
safeguarding Yemen unity is a historic necessity in the interest 
of the Yemeni people and their aspirations and objectives. 

