Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpt] Kuwait, 3 Jan (KUNA) -- Mishari al-'Anjari, the 
Kuwaiti minister of justice and administrative affairs, in press 
statements published here today denied the existence of any 
foreign pressure on Kuwait to halt the carrying out of sentences 
passed by the judiciary on those who are convicted. He said in 
an interview with AL-QABAS that if it happened it would be an 
infringement on the state's independence and sovereignty and an 
interference in its internal affairs, and this we reject. He 
added: Nevertheless, we at the ministry or at the public 
prosecution service do not deny that we have received many 
cables -- whose originators are unknown -- requesting the 
reduction of sentences passed on some of the convicted. In 
reply to a question on whether the death sentences that were 
passed by the state security court would be commuted, the 
minister said: It is known that the final judicial verdicts 
should be carried out, and these may be in the form of prison 
sentences, death sentences, or acquittals. No death sentence 
will be carried out until it is ratified by the amir. Those 
sentenced to death are placed in jail until the amir issues his 
decision to ratify the sentence, commute it, or issue a pardon. 
[passage omitted] 

