BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, April 2 KYODO -- Japan has been urged to 
enhance its efforts to secure a stable rice supply in the wake 
of a multilateral agreement to open agriculture markets, 
according to a draft of the annual government report on farming 
obtained by Kyodo News Service on Saturday [2 April]. The white 
paper on agriculture for fiscal 1993, to be submitted to a 
cabinet approval on April 12, has been drafted by the 
Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry. 
  Japan has accepted a partial opening of the long-closed 
market of the staple food by allowing minimum access to the 
market from 1995 under an accord to be signed by a ministerial 
meeting of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) in 
Marrakech, Morocco, in the middle of this month. 
  Maintaining its stance that a major rice supply depends on 
domestic production, the annual paper said that, to secure a 
stable rice supply, a flexible mixture of imports and 
inventories is needed. Japan has decided to import 2 million 
tons of rice from Thailand, the United States, China and 
Australia because of a shortage as a result of last year's rainy 
and cool summer. 
  The paper said damage on farm products like rice and 
vegetables reached a record high 1.3 trillion yen, having 
serious adverse effects on farmers' households and Japanese 
consumers. 

