BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, April 1 KYODO -- South Korean President Kim 
Yong-sam renewed his call on Friday [1 April] for concerted 
action by South Korea, Japan and the United States to persuade 
North Korea to allay concerns that it is developing nuclear 
weapons capability. Kim telephoned Prime Minister Morihiro 
Hosokawa and said he highly evaluated the United Nations 
statement issued Thursday calling on Pyongyang to allow full 
international inspection of its nuclear facilities, a Foreign 
Ministry official said. 
  In the 15-minute conversation, the premier replied that 
Japan 
will support the U.N. move to seek North Korea's acceptance of 
full inspections of nuclear sites suspected of being used to 
produce nuclear weapons, the official said. 
  Kim's telephone call was originally intended to relay the 
outcome of his recent visit to China to discuss the North Korean 
issue, the official said. 
  The South Korean president, who visited Japan shortly before 
his late March China visit, pointed out that China and Russia 
will also be needed to play a role in helping encourage 
Pyongyang to eliminate suspicion over its nuclear program. 
Noting that Seoul does not want Pyongyang to be isolated 
internationally, Kim also expressed hope that the communist 
country would agree to reopen dialogue with its southern 
neighbor to discuss the nuclear issue. 
  Hosokawa reportedly told Kim he wants to hold in-depth 
discussion on the topic with South Korean Foreign Minister Han 
Sung-chu, who arrives in Tokyo Sunday for a two-day visit. 

