Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Cuban Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina toured 
tobacco-growing areas of Pinar del Rio in the company of foreign 
journalists accredited in Cuba. They were received by students 
and workers from the Federico Engels Pre-University Vocational 
Exact Sciences Institute, with whom they discussed the teaching 
system used at this center as part of the revolutionary 
education [program], linking study with work. 
  In foreign policy we work from the basis of what is done in 
the interior of the country, and tobacco is one of the principal 
scenes. That is why we are here -- said Minister Robaina, upon 
visiting tobacco fields in San Juan [y Martinez] and San Luis 
Municipalities. On that occasion, he and those accompanying him 
spoke with mobilized workers, volunteers, and Havana students 
who are fulfilling their phase of the School-in-the-Fields plan. 
  This province produces 70 percent of Cuba's tobacco, a 
product that brings approximately $100 million to the the 
national economy. This year, the people of Pinar del Rio have 
planted 1,800 caballerias of tobacco, from which they expect to 
harvest approximately 470,000 quintals of a quality far higher 
than that seen in recent times. 
  After spending an entire day with us in Pinar del Rio, these 
colleagues of the press have had an opportunity to get to know 
the reality of the Cuban people more closely. 

