BFN 

  [Text] Finnish Defense Minister Elisabeth Rehn has 
criticized the intergovernmental agreement on the supplies of 
Russian military equipment to Finland signed in March this year. 
Our correspondent Svetlana Pankratova reports from Helsinki: 
  The agreement on the supplies of Russian special equipment 
-- 
as it is called officially -- was signed by the heads of 
government when Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin 
visited Helsinki in March this year. In line with the agreement 
Russia will supply its military equipment to Finland to the sum 
of 80 billion dollars as payment for Russia's debt to Finland, 
which it inherited after the breakdown of the USSR and which 
amounts to 1.3 billion dollars. In the Finnish defense 
minister's view, artillery mounts and air defense systems that 
Russia is supplying to Finland cannot ensure a reliable 
protection of Finland's airspace since the radius of their 
operation does not cover the entire country. Moreover, 
Elisabeth Rehn has criticized the quality of some of the 
equipment. It is clear that the position taken by Elisabeth 
Rehn with regard to the implementation of the Russian-Finnish 
agreement on arms supplies could lead to some of its clauses 
being revised or to some types of the equipment being replaced 
by different types. However, the agreement is unlikely to be 
canceled since both sides benefit from implementing it. 

