BFN 

<F P=106> [From the SNARK "Press Digest"] </F>
  [Text] Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev's idea 
about the Eurasian Union is published in "GA" [GOLOS ARMENII] 
under the heading "In Big-Policy Corridors". 
  In the authors' opinion, Boris Yeltsin accepts "coolly" the 
idea and "will never come forward with integrational banner." 
  Democrats stand behind Yeltsin, write the authors, are "the 
pragmatic people who do not conceal their view that Russia needs 
no poor relatives, while the former Soviet republics...only in a 
few years were ruined to such an extent that they reached and 
overrun in that sense many African states". 
  Ambiguous situation has been created when Yeltsin does not 
explicitly support Nazarbayev's idea, meanwhile, there may hide 
much danger in such a passivity. 
  It is this very ambiguity that creates the situation today 
when Russia on one hand stands as a leader of at least economic 
union reconstruction, while on the other hand no particular 
steps are made in this direction. Should however one other 
republic make conclusions from this tendency and try to solve 
its own destiny, Russia will immediately raise the brows and 
undertake the measures to punish the guilty, write "GA" analysts. 
  With reference to certain observers' opinion "GA" claims 
that even if the integrational processes go more intensively, 
one may speak at a first phase only of three Slavic states' 
union, plus possibly Kazakhstan. The paper observes that 
Nazarbayev's idea was as yet backed only by Kyrgyzstan, and the 
leaders of Transcaucasus preferred not to appear on that topic. 

