Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Galina Kuchina] </F>
  [Text] Riga January 12 TASS -- The Russian delegation is 
satisfied with the constructive tone of the talks going on in 
Latvia on the withdrawal of Russian troops from that republic, 
according to delegation head Sergey Zotov. 
  The latest round of talks began on Tuesday [11 January] in 
Riga, one day later than originally planned. The delay was due 
to a provocation undertaken against representatives of the 
Russian Army and embassy in Latvia. The Russian delegation 
agreed to sit down to talk again after the Latvian leadership 
apologised and took the appropriate steps against the 
provacateurs. 
  Zotov called the event "an attempt not only to break up the 
negotiations, but a sort of rehearsal for the seizure of Russian 
military sites". Because of this, the Russian delegation is 
insisting on military status for the radar station in Skrunda, 
not the civil status that the Latvian side proposes. The 
Russians want to keep the station for another five years, while 
the Latvians think three years are enough. 
  Zotov did not name the concrete sum of money which Latvia 
expects in return for allowing the Russians to continue using 
the radar. He said the Latvian-proposed amount was considered 
by the Russians as a joke. 
  Overall, Zotov mentioned, "our positions are getting closer 
on key points. We are counting on drafting an agreement on the 
radar by the end of the next session, as long as the political 
will is there". The last day of the talks has not yet been 
determined. 

