Language: <F P=105>English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] His Excellency President Daniel arap Moi today 
called for more efforts to be directed towards soil conservation 
and protection of water catchment areas throughout the country. 
President Moi observed that water levels in many rivers have 
been reduced as a result of land degradation and destruction of 
water catchment areas. The president noted that unless water 
was conserved all forms of life would perish, and added that it 
was a responsibility of everyone to conserve the natural 
resources. 
  He noted that environmental protection should be uppermost 
in 
the development agenda, from the locational to the district 
level and urged forest officers to emphasize it. He also called 
on agricultural extension officers to teach farmers how to dig 
bench terraces where the land was steep. The president further 
noted the wealth of the community depended on natural resources 
and hence there was a need to protect it. President Moi was 
speaking at various places when he made an extensive tour of 
southern and central Baringo. [passage omitted] 
  Noting that the country was facing food shortages, the 
president advised Kenyans to exercise a spirit of being mindful 
of each other, whereby those who have should help the others. 
He at the same time assured wananchi [citizens] that the 
government will do its best to see that no one goes without 
food. [passage omitted] 

