BFN 

  [Text] London, April 20 (XINHUA) -- British Prime Minister 
John Major had reacted cautiously to the United Nations' demand 
that NATo authorize air strikes to protect the six 
U.N.-designated "safe areas" in Bosnia from Serb attack, THE 
TIMES newspaper reported today. 
  With NATO ambassadors' meeting today in Brussels to consider 
the request by the U.N. Secretary-General Butrus Butrus-Ghali, 
U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Washington 
wanted to broaden the threat of NATO air strikes to prevent 
another Gorazde, a Muslim enclave in eastern Bosnia. 
  U.N. protection force in Bosnia had called in two NATO air 
strikes on Bosnian Serb forces last week but failed to stop the 
serbs shelling the Muslim "safe haven." 
  However, there is considerable doubt in the British 
Government over the wisdom of extending air strikes beyond the 
original limit of protecting U.N. troops. 
  Although U.N. Security Council Resolution 836 of June last 
year mandated NATO air strikes to protect the safe areas, the 
Western alliance agreed to permit close air support only to 
protect U.N. personnel in Bosnia. 
  NATO had threatened to use air power to remove Serb heavy 
weapons from around Sarajevo in February but there is no NATO 
authorization to protect by air cover the other five safe areas 
of Gorazde, Srebrenica, Zepa, Tuzla and Bihac. 
  There is now serious doubt over whether NATO air power can 
deter Serb offensive on Gorazde, where limited air strikes were 
ignored. 
  The risk is that deterrence would not work and NATO would be 
forced to carry out bombing raids to protect Muslim civilians in 
the safe areas, leading to a dramatic escalation in NATO's 
involvement in the civil war making the U.N.'s mission in Bosnia 
more untenable, the report said. 
  More over, Serbs' old ally Russia, which was angry at being 
not consulted by NATO before launching air raids, is opposed to 
the use of force to solve the conflict. 

