Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Seoul, Feb. 1 (YONHAP) -- North Korea's Communist 
Party (Workers' Party) is sending numerous delegations abroad to 
expand relations with foreign socialist parties this year, 
NAEWOE PRESS reported on Tuesday. 
  According to NAEWOE, Seoul's official North Korea watcher, a 
delegation headed by party Secretary Hwang Chang-yop visited 
China from Jan. 15-22 and met with President Jiang Zemin and 
other senior officials. 
  Three other delegations visited Italy, France, Malaysia, 
Indonesia and Uganda and exchanged views on issues of mutual 
interest with socialist parties in January. 
  A delegation led by Vice Director Pak Kyong-son attended the 
national congresses of the Italian Communist Party and the 
French Communist Party. The North Koreans met with communist 
party delegations from India, Turkey and Germany at the French 
Communist Party Congress on Jan. 26-27 and discussed ways of 
improving ties and strengthening solidarity to sustain socialist 
prinicples. 
  Another delegation, led by Vice Director Kim Yang-kon, met 
with leaders of the Malaysian Unification Party on Jan. 27. 
  North Korean broadcasts claimed the foreign parties praised 
the contributions of North Korean President Kim Il-song and his 
heir apparent Kim Chong-il to the international communist 
movement and expressed full support for North Korea's 
unification policy, NAEWOE reported. 

