CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by V.V. Krot (Derzhkomgeologiyi Ukrayiny [State </F>
Committee of Ukraine on Geology]), Ye.S. Dvoryanin (DGP 
``Ukrgeofizyka''), P.T. Pavlenko (DGP 
``Poltavanaftogazgeologiya'') and V.P. Klochko (IGN [Geological 
Sciences Institute], AN Ukrayiny [Academy of Sciences of 
Ukraine]); UDC 553.98:550.8(477)] 
  [Abstract] At the present time Ukraine needs new directions 
of low depth oil and gas prospecting. A new nontraditional 
object of geological prospecting wherein efficient increase of 
oil and gas supply does not depend on foreign investment was 
proposed. The authors had been able to discover and justify 
scientifically a unique object for prospecting for hydrocarbons 
within the main oil and gas producing region of Ukraine the 
Northern Board of the Dnieper-Donets Depression (DDD). The work 
was conducted in accordance with the ``Integrated Program for 
Studying Prospects of Oil and Gas Capacity of the Crystalline 
Foundation of the Northern Board of the Dnieper-Donets 
Depression in 1989-1995'' that was approved in 1988. A 1991 
forecast estimated that resources of hydrocarbons were equal to 
186 million tons. The Program was actually implemented in only 
three years. New methods and procedures for trap detection and 
preparation, forecasting etc. had been developed. New oil and 
gas-containing areas were discovered. A non-standard set of 
geophysical studies had been developed, which resulted in highly 
efficient geological prospecting. Ten new oil and gas fields 
were discovered, and gas capacity in two other zones was 
established. Industrial-size accumulations of hydrocarbons were 
detected in areas that before had been considered non-promising. 
According to current estimates hydrocarbon resources in these 
areas exceed 250 million tonnes. References 6, all Russian. 

