Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By Da'ud Kuttab] </F>
  [Text] Jerusalem -- Dr. Hanan 'Ashrawi has criticized 
recent Israeli measures and said that they address the form not 
the content and are merely cosmetic steps that do not meet 
minimal requirements. 
  The former Palestinian negotiating delegation spokesperson 
stressed that the peace process is not an end by itself but a 
means for achieving a genuine and just peace. 'Ashrawi said 
that the horrible massacre in Hebron illustrated the Israeli 
position's flaw in the negotiations. That position endeavors to 
separate the people from the land and impose the method of 
functional division instead of geographic jurisdiction. 
  'Ashrawi called for modifying the peace process, which is 
dominated by Israeli priorities that seek to impose hegemony and 
control rather than engage in real negotiations. 
  Regarding the way out from the current situation, Dr. 
'Ashrawi emphasized that it calls for total withdrawal from the 
negotiating process, but she believed that basic prerequisites 
had to be met before returning to the talks. 
  'Ashrawi listed those demands: Disarming the settlers, 
dismantling settlements in densely populated areas, and 
providing international protection for the Palestinian people. 
  'Ashrawi said that it has become essential to open the 
settlements' file. She added that the Declaration of Principles 
was not sacred, just as Israel has regarded its timetable not 
sacred. 
  'Ashrawi criticized the Palestinian leadership implicitly. 
She called for changing the negotiating approach and the 
Palestinian decisionmaking process. She also called on the 
leadership to be candid with the people and not downplay their 
capabilities and right to participate and question. 

