Language: <F P=105> Ukrainian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The press service of the Ukrainian president and the 
Government has reported that Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk 
had a telephone conversation with U.S. President Bill Clinton 
yesterday. During the conversation, the presidents expressed 
satisfaction over the dynamically developing Ukrainian-U.S. 
relations. In particular, Bill Clinton highly commended the 
political course and practical actions by the Ukrainian 
leadership to destroy nuclear weapons according to the recent 
resolution of the Ukrainian parliament concerning the START 
Treaty. He also expressed the hope that Ukraine will shortly 
join the Treaty on Nonproliferation of Nuclear Weapons. All 
these steps, in the U.S. President's opinion, open new 
possibilities for efficient economic cooperation between Ukraine 
and the United States both through mutual links and influential 
international financial institutions. Leonid Kravchuk and Bill 
Clinton concluded that the issues they had agreed on, after 
being worked on by experts and government officials, will be 
prepared as documents, some of which will be signed during the 
official visit of the Ukrainian president to the United States 
on 3-7 March 1994. 

