BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Aleksey Sinelnikov: "Abkhazian Cabinet of </F>
Ministers Refuses To Move From Tbilisi"] 
  [Text] Tbilisi -- The Abkhazian Cabinet of Ministers has 
categorically refused to move from Tbilisi to the western 
Georgian city of Zugdidi. 
  The decision to move the government headquarters in exile 
closer to the autonomous formation was adopted by the Georgian 
leadership in mid-April. It was attributed to the fact that the 
majority of refugees are now in western Georgia, and in this 
connection it was recommended to the ministers who are exiled 
from Abkhazia that they should be closer to their people. The 
administrator of Zugdidskiy Rayon has allocated a special 
building for them and created all the necessary working 
conditions. 
  In connection with the refusal by the Abkhazian Cabinet of 
Ministers to leave the capital of Georgia, the Republic's Vice 
Prime Minister Tamaz Nadareishvili, who is organizing this 
measure, has issued a statement. It says that if the Abkhazian 
Government refuses to move today, "it is doubtful whether it 
will move onto the territory of the Abkhazian Autonomous 
Republic in the future." 
  Almost all of the leadership of the autonomous formation is 
currently in Georgia: the Abkhazian Council of Ministers, the 
deputies of the Abkhazian Supreme Soviet, Abkhazian prosecutors, 
judges, rayon administrators, the police, and so forth. They 
feel pretty good in their own posts, albeit purely nominal 
posts, but nevertheless responsible ones, and they clearly do 
not want to change anything in their working rhythm. 
  On the other hand, the 150,000 refugees who are in western 
Georgia -- 80,000 of whom live actually in Zugdidi -- have so 
far been managing without a government. 

