BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Vladimir Gondusov] </F>
  [Text] Moscow April 25 TASS -- The goal of the command and 
staff "north-west" war games, which began on Monday in Russia's 
Kalinigrad region and the Leningrad military district, is to 
perfect the ability of command and staff officers to direct 
their units. ITAR-TASS was told by the Defence Ministry's press 
bureau that the exercises, run by Russian Chief of General Staff 
Colonel-General Mikhail Kolesnikov, will last until April 29. 
  According to military sources, the exercises are meant to 
check the military capabilities of the troops stationed in the 
Kaliningrad region in particular. Earlier, those troops had 
"powerful back-up in the rear, but have now ended up surrounded 
by states whose policies concerning Russia are not always 
clear", the source said. 
  This spring is full of army and naval training exercises. 
Large- scale tactical maneuvers were held in Tajikistan. The 
"Pomor-94" naval exercises were held in the Barents Sea, and 
Russian-American- Canadian "Arctic-Sarex" war games were held in 
Alaska. Eastern Siberia was host to the "Baykal" command and 
staff exercises. Over- all, by the end of 1994 will have been 
held three exercise programmes for the strategic nuclear forces 
and more than ten in the operational and tactical fields. 
  Such an intense schedule of military exercises is designed, 
according to Defence Minister Pavel Grachev, "to maintain the 
battle-readiness of the Army and the power of the Navy, and to 
further develop the coordination of the commanding staff and 
troops, especially those that have been withdrawn from abroad 
back onto Russian territory". 

