BFN 

  [Text] Deputy Prime Minister Nguyen Khanh recently paid a 
working visit to Can Tho, Minh Hai, and Soc Trang provinces. He 
held working sessions there with leaders of party and people's 
committees, people's councils, and other agencies. He also 
heard report on the socioeconomic situation of localities and 
visited a number of production establishments. 
  Deputy Prime Minister Nguyen Khanh urged the people's 
committees to satisfactorily manage the state budget and the 
implementation of party and state lines and policies on its use 
and savings. While striving to develop the economy, these 
provinces must pay special attention to developing society, 
enhancing the people's intelligence, promoting healthy 
lifestyles, implementing the family-planning program, opposing 
social vices, improving the health of children, and carrying out 
projects to ensure fresh water is provided to the people. As 
for public welfare projects, efforts must be made to ensure only 
essential ones are built, that they are completed according to 
schedules and meet capital construction principles. 
  In joining the people of Khmer origin to celebrate the 
Cambodian traditional new year Chol Chhnam Thmei in Soc Trang 
Province, Deputy Prime Minister Nguyen Khanh visited a number of 
Buddhist temples and presented gifts. He also celebrated the 
occasion with Buddhist monks and the local people, and visited 
and presented gift to families of the fallen soldiers. 

