BFN 

  [Excerpts] Provincial party committee Secretary Mao 
Zhiyong recently visited Xingan County, where he inspected the 
food and waterlogging situation. [passage omitted] 
  During his inspection of Xingan County, Secretary Mao 
Zhiyong 
emphatically urged the local party and government leaders to 
stand firm, enhance morale, vigorously fight the flood disaster, 
resume production as soon as possible, and strive to 
successfully accomplish this year's tasks. 
  At 1900 on the afternoon of 18 June, Secretary Mao Zhiyong 
arrived at Xingan County in Jian Prefecture and inspected the 
flood and waterlogging situation. He expressed his sympathy and 
concern for the local people. In the evening, he was briefed by 
the Jian Prefecture and Xingan County leaders on Xingan's flood 
and waterlogging situation and disaster relief work. On behalf 
of the provincial party committee and people's government, 
Secretary Mao Zhiyong expressed sympathy and concern for the 
disaster-stricken Xingang people and extended thanks to the Jian 
people for their efficient disaster resistance efforts. 
  He also advanced several important views on Jian's flood 
resistance and disaster relief work, specifically: 1) To make 
every possible effort to protect all dams; 2) To waste no time 
in organizing local people to drain waterlogged fields and save 
more rice seedlings; 3) To organize local people to make the 
necessary preparations in order to resume production as quickly 
as possible; 4) To mobilize local people to step up field 
management, protect rice seedlings, prevent plant diseases, and 
eliminate insect pests in order to reduce losses caused by flood 
and waterlogging to a minimum; 5) To strive to protect grain 
production and increase the peasants' income; 6) To concentrate 
efforts and resources on flood resistance and disaster relief 
work; 7) To enable enterprises with sufficient electricity 
supply to operate at full capacity; 8) To brace up, enhance 
confidence, and bravely face difficulties; 9) To show more 
concern for the local people's livelihood, help local people 
overcome difficulties, and further mobilize the local people's 
enthusiasm, 10) To work hard and strive to successfully 
accomplish this year's tasks. 
  At 0600 in the early morning of 19 June, Secretary Mao 
Zhiyong also visited Gandong Dam and inspected the flood 
situation there. [passage omitted] 

