BFN 

  [Text] Since reform and opening up, our province has 
rapidly developed press and publication activities. Books of 
over 200 categories published by Liaoning have annually entered 
the international market over the past years. Since reform and 
opening up, the number of publishing houses, acoustics houses, 
newspaper houses, periodical houses, and book and periodical 
printing houses has increased at a fast speed. So far, the 
province has 17 publishing houses, eight acoustics houses, 84 
newspaper houses, 285 periodical houses, and more than 800 kinds 
of papers and periodicals distributed within the province. 
Besides Xinhua bookstores, a key distribution channel, the 
province has also developed a large number of collectively- and 
individually-run retail-sale bookstores and book stalls. The 
press and publications units in the province have about 130,000 
employees. 
  Grasping the orientation of publishing good books is a 
principle that the press and publication houses in the province 
has persisted in for many years. Over the past years, the 
province has published over 3,000 kinds of books annually, 
including over 2,000 new categories. Nearly 40 percent of the 
books are reprinted. The books published by Liaoning have a 
good reputation on the domestic and international book markets. 

