BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Ergun Goze] </F>
  [Text] Nicosia -- We obtained the Greek Cypriots' secret 
map on Nicosia International Airport, one of the key points in 
the Cyprus talks. The most conspicuous feature in this map 
submitted for the first time to the Turkish side is that it has 
allotted a very small area to the TRNC [Turkish Republic of 
Northern Cyprus]. 
  Another conspicuous point is that despite a promise to allot 
a separate customs area at the airport to the Turks, no such 
marking exists on the map. 
  The Greek Cypriots reportedly submitted their airport 
proposal quite late. Out of concern for public reaction 
directed against the Kliridhis administration for allotting a 
separate road to the Turks, the map was conveyed to the TRNC 
quietly. 
  It appears that the map, which was given to the Turkish side 
on the first day of the Muslim festival of sacrifice--as if it 
were good news--was not prepared sincerely. This is because the 
Greek Cypriots are saying that they have already built houses 
near the airport over the past 20 years, that the opening of the 
airport will bring with it noise and pollution, and that they 
will take legal action against it. 
  No one doubts that the Greek Cypriot courts will readily 
approve such cases and rule in their favor. Thus, after getting 
Varosha, the Greek Cypriots will announce some concessions and 
then take them back through the courts. 
  In view of all these developments, the notion that 
recognition of the TRNC is the only path to a solution is 
gaining strength on the Turkish side. Political observers are 
also indicating that it is now better understood how wrong it 
was to present the airport to the United Nations after its 
capture by Turkish units in 1974. [On its front page the paper 
publishes a map of Nicosia Airport with a description of the 
zones in English] 

