BFN 

  [Excerpts] We have just learned from REUTER that fighting 
resumed in Kigali shortly before dawn this morning. [passage 
omitted] 
  Pasteur Bizimungu, one of the representatives of the Rwandan 
Patriotic Front [RPF], in Tunis [for the OAU summit], announced 
a cease-fire last night. He gave his reaction to Dominique de 
Courcelles: 
  [Begin recording] [Bizimungu] Yes, we allowed ourselves to 
be 
swayed by considering that if the massacres were to stop 
simultaneously with the fighting, we would not get anything. 
[sentence as heard]. 
  [De Courcelles] Nevertheless, is the mediation mission going 
to continue? 
  [Bizimungu] The mediation mission is going to continue, 
together with the mediator. So this will be a dialogue between 
the parties affected by the implementation of the Arusha accord. 
  [De Courcelles] Where? How? 
  [Bizimungu] This will happen in Arusha, I think [word 
indistinct] the mediator. The problem is solved. As for the 
mediator, he has obtained a cease-fire and what will come next, 
as was the case in the past, will be in the hands of the 
mediator. [end recording] 
  This mediator is Tanzanian President Ali Mwinyi. [passage 
omitted] 
  In France, Interior Minister Charles Pasqua is in favor of 
international intervention in Rwanda in view of the shame and 
scandal caused by the massacres, including those of children. 
This is a scandal, he said. The international community should 
be ashamed of itself. How can the leaders of the world still 
look at themselves in a mirror? This is what Charles Pasqua 
said. [passage omitted] 

