BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed report: "Jordan Will Not Participate in </F>
Military Committee; It Is Willing To Mediate in Yemen at an Arab 
Request"] 
  [Excerpt] Amman, AL-SHARQ AL-AWSAT -- A senior Jordanian 
official yesterday ruled out Jordan's willingness to participate 
in a military committee to settle the dispute in Yemen, as 
proposed by Lakhdar Brahimi, envoy of the UN secretary general, 
during his talks with Jordanian officials yesterday. 
  The Jordanian official, who asked to remain anonymous, said 
that Jordan participated with the Sultanate of Oman in a 
military mission which worked -- after the signing of the Pledge 
and Accord Document and until the fighting broke out -- to spare 
blood and disengage the military sectors which were the source 
of tension. He added, "regrettably, recent developments and the 
large-scale explosion of the situation have in practice ended 
the military committee's role and led to the withdrawal of 
Jordanian and Omani officers." 
  The Jordanian official pointed out that Prime Minister Dr. 
'Abd-al-Salam al-Majali has on several occasions said that 
Jordan will not resume mediation efforts except with the 
unanimous approval of all the parties to the dispute, and it 
will not respond to the request of just one party. 
  He said that Jordan intervened to resolve the Yemeni crisis 
and tried to defuse the situation early at an official request 
from the legislative and executive authorities. But we now 
prefer to wait until Lakhdar Brahimi completes his noble 
mission, as he is expected to submit his report to the UN 
secretary general and the UN Security Council. The fate of 
regional and international mediations will be determined in the 
light of that. 
  The Jordanian official did not rule out Jordan's 
participation in any mediation efforts, provided they are at an 
official request from the parties to the dispute or an Arab 
request. [passage omitted] 

