BFN 

  [Text] The Malaysian economy is expected to enjoy another 
good year this year with real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) 
growth projected at 8.4 per cent. 
  The [Central Bank] Report said some of the positive factors 
favouring this growth were prospects for recovery in economic 
activity internationally, the recent conclusion of the Uruguay 
Round of trade negotiations and a pick-up in growth in the OECD 
countries. 
  However, it cautioned that inflationary pressures could 
persist in 1994. The conduct of monetary policy would remain 
cautious to ensure that the level of bank liquidity was 
maintained, consistent with sustainable growth. 
  Last year the economy recorded a higher than expected growth 
with a GDP growth of 8.5 per cent compared with 7.8 per cent in 
1992. 
  Market expectations of some moderation in growth for last 
year did not materialise despite initial uncertainty over the 
economy's prospects. 
  On a quarterly basis, growth in real GDP picked up from 
seven 
per cent in the last quarter of 1992 to 7.6 per cent in the 
first quarter of 1993, rising to a peak of 10.1 per cent in the 
second quarter. 
  The Report said that in real terms, the Gross National 
Product rose by 8.8 per cent compared with 7.2 per cent in 1992 
while nominal per capita income rose by 10.1 per cent to RM 
[Ringgit Malaysia] 8,299 or equivalent to about US$3,073 (1992: 
11 per cent to RM7,541). 
  After some consolidation in 1992, domestic demand picked up 
in 1993, with real aggregate domestic expenditure registering a 
growth of six per cent (1992: 2.5 per cent). 
  Real public investment continued to expand by 12 per cent 
during the year (1992:11.1 per cent), mainly to address 
increasing infrastructural bottlenecks and expand social 
facilities and amenities. 
  On the supply side, the strengthening of the economy was due 
mainly to the impressive performance of the manufacturing, 
construction and services sectors. 
  The agriculture sector continued to grow, albeit moderately. 
  Gross national savings rose moderately by 8.7 per cent to 
RM49.7 billion. 
  The ringgit depreciated against most major currencies at the 
end of 1993 and in terms of the composite basket comprising 
currencies of major trading partners depreciated by 5.2 per cent 
from its end 1992 level. 

