BFN 

  [Text] The SABA' news agency has learned that brother 
Lieutenant General 'Ali 'Abdallah Salih, chairman of the 
Presidential Council and supreme commander of the Armed Forces, 
has issued an order to Staff Brigadier General 'Abd-Rabbuh 
Mansur, the Defense Minister, to destroy all the partitionist 
fortifications in al-Dali' and Karish which were under the 
control of the forces loyal to the gang of rebellion and 
secession of the Yemeni Socialist Party leadership. The order 
was given after the forces of unity and legitimacy were able, 
with God's help, to control these positions and defeat the 
forces of the secessionist gang and remove them over the past 
few days. 
  It is worth mentioning that immediately after assuming 
control of the Mukayris area, our brave Armed Forces, the forces 
of unity and Constitutional legitimacy, destroyed all the 
partitionist fortifications as a symbolic expression of removing 
the most important remnants of the hated partition and as a 
moral consecration of unity, for whose sake our Yemeni people 
have struggled and for which they made great sacrifices, thus 
crowning their sacrifices with the restoration of the homeland's 
unity on 22 May 1990 and the proclamation of the Republic of 
Yemen. 

