BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "National Hookup" program] </F>
  [Text] The State Council recently approved a plan 
submitted by the State General Administration of Taxation 
concerning the scope of its functions, the establishment of its 
organization, and the authorized size of its personnel. 
  It was learned that, according to the plan, the major 
functions of the State General Administration of Taxation are as 
follows: To participate in the formulation of taxation laws, 
taxation regulations, and rules for the implementation of tax 
regulations; to study the plans to improve the reform of 
taxation system and to carry them out; to strengthen the 
important regulatory role played by the taxation system in the 
aspects of implementing the state's industrial policy, promoting 
the readjustment of the economic structure, rationalizing 
allocation of resources, and guaranteeing fair competition among 
enterprises; to strengthen taxation to guarantee stable increase 
of financial income; to strengthen the taxation management; to 
establish and improve a tax collection and taxation management 
system which is scientifically standardized and based on the law 
governing tax collection and taxation management; to enhance the 
level of tax collection and taxation management by using modern 
means; and to strengthen the publicity of taxation law. 
  It was learned that China has initially established a 
taxation system suitable to the development of a socialist 
market economy. As a result, the work of tax collection and 
taxation management has gradually become situated on the right 
track and the building of the contingent of taxation personnel 
has been further strengthened. 

