BFN 

<F P=106> ["Japanese Authorities Urged To Give Up Projected `Law on </F>
the Case of Emergency'" -- KCNA headline] 
  [Text] Tokyo, May 2 [dateline as received] (KNS-KCNA) -- 
The Central Standing Committee of the General Association of 
Korean Residents in Japan (Chongnyon) in a statement concerning 
the scheme of the Japanese Government authorities to enact "a 
law on the case of emergency" strongly demanded that the 
Japanese Government immediately renounce its hostile policy 
toward Korea and restrictions on and suppression of Korean 
residents in Japan and stop its reckless row for the enactment 
of the "law" defining the DPRK as an enemy. 
  Pointing out that the scheme of the Japanese Government is 
causing a serious crisis in the peace and stability not only on 
the Korean peninsula but also in Northeast Asia including Japan, 
the statement said: 
  It is well known to the world that the Democratic People's 
Republic of Korea has made consistent efforts for peace and 
denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula and for the building of 
a prosperous Asia, taking independence, peace and friendship as 
its diplomatic idea. 
  Ignoring this fact, the Japanese Government, while following 
the U.S. policy of isolating and stifling the DPRK, is trying to 
enact the law at any cost allegedly to cope with "a case of 
emergency on the Korean peninsula", regarding the campaign over 
the "suspected nuclear development" by the DPRK as the best 
chance. This shows that its hostile policy toward Korea has 
been carried into extremes. 
  The Japanese Government should ponder over what serious 
consequences will be entailed if it persists in its hostile 
policy toward Korea motivated by the intention to stage a 
comeback to Korea and in restrictions on and suppression of 
Chongnyon and Korean residents in Japan, evading its 
responsibility for the past colonial rule over Korea. 

