BFN 

  [Text] Military intervention is quite likely the solution 
to the present dictatorship in strife-torn Haiti. That is the 
view of St. Lucia Ambassador to the United Nations, Dr. Charles 
Fleming. Speaking on the discussion program "One," on (Helen) 
Television System, Dr. Fleming refuted claims that the United 
Nations does not regard the Haitian crisis as a priority. 
According to Ambassador Fleming, the treatment accorded Haiti 
by the United Nations is perhaps one which many other countries 
with similar problems are yet to receive. 
  [Begin Fleming recording] Since Aristide was overthrown, we 
have had coup d'etats elsewhere and the UN has done nothing. So 
certainly, Haiti is certainly a priority for the international 
community. The reason I don't want to eliminate military 
intervention as an option is because Haiti is by far the poorest 
country on which economic sanctions have ever been imposed, and 
as we discussed economic sanctions at the United Nations, we 
kind of agreed how long would we keep these sanctions on. You 
can't keep them on indefinitely because you would be in essence 
be killing off the poor people. So there has to be a time when 
we say okay, the sanctions are not working. What are we going to 
do? I agree that if Cedras goes into the bunker with several 
cans of corned beef, he can outlast the sanction for many, many 
years. So there has to be a final option. If we've agreed that 
we are going to find a solution to Haiti, based on the fact that 
the traditions in Haiti of coups d'etat and instability are 
really destroying the country and hurting the poor people, then 
we have to have a terminal solution if need be, and that's a 
military option. And I'm pleased that, in fact, Aristide himself 
has come around and agreed that a military option should be 
considered. [end recording] 

