BFN 

  [Text] The Church Symposium in the Service of Peace and 
Humanity has concluded its work. The symposium, which was 
attended by Dr. 'Abd-al-Mun'im Ahmad Salih, minister of awqaf 
and religious affairs and several ulema and Muslim and Sabian 
men of religion, recommended the formation of a standing 
committee with the task of holding intensive contacts with 
various religious, civilian, and intellectual circles which can 
influence political decisionmakers in order to achieve justice 
and equality among all peoples and countries. 
  The participants appealed to the United Nations, the 
Security 
Council, heads of state, archbishopric councils, and world 
church councils to exert their utmost effort in order to remove 
the injustice on the people of Iraq, the cradle of civilization, 
which has offered a great to the world in the fields of science 
and art. They also appealed to those in charge of the world news 
media not to condone the blackout on the injustices and 
tragedies taking place in Iraq and other countries. They 
expressed their confidence that the good forces in the world 
will cooperate with them in restoring the legitimate rights of 
Iraq and its people and all other countries so peace, security, 
and wellbeing will prevail. 
  The symposium, which was organized by the Iraqi Church with 
all its communities, in coordination with the Ministry of Awqaf 
and Religious Affairs, over the past four days saw discussions 
on the subjects of peace, freedom, human rights in all fields, 
banning war, and combatting injustice. The symposium was 
attended by 50 Christian religious personalities from 20 states, 
including Iraq, and officially representing the Vatican, the 
World Council of Churches, and churches and archbishoprics in 
the world. 

