BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, 28 Apr (XINHUA) -- To meet the 
requirements for establishing a socialist market economy, deepen 
the reform of the financial system, and promote a sustained, 
rapid, and healthy development of foreign trade, the State 
Council has decided to establish the China Import-Export Bank. 
  The China Import-Export Bank is a policy-lending monetary 
organ directly under the leadership of the State Council. The 
major task of the new bank is to implement the industrial and 
foreign trade policies of the state and to provide loans in 
support of the import and export of capital goods such as 
machinery and electrical products and complete sets of equipment. 
  The business of the China Import-Export Bank includes the 
following: providing credit in support of the import and export 
of capital goods such as machinery and electrical products and 
complete sets of equipment (both seller credit and buyer 
credit); processing foreign government loans related to credit 
for the export of machinery and electrical products, processing 
mixed loans, and processing the transfer of export credit, as 
well as processing the transfer by the Chinese Government of 
foreign government loans and mixed loans; processing loans among 
international banks, organizing or participating in loans by 
domestic or international bank consortia; providing insurance 
regarding export credibility, guarantee on export credit, and 
export-import insurance; ensuring business service; issuing 
financial bonds domestically and negotiable securities 
internationally; dealing in authorized foreign exchange 
business; participating in the international import-export 
banking organization and the policy-lending monetary insurance 
organization; providing consultation and item appraisal services 
to export enterprises; providing services to economic and 
technological cooperation with foreign countries and to foreign 
trade; and taking care of other tasks authorized or entrusted by 
the state. 
  The capital of the China Import-Export Bank will come from 
state financial appropriations. 
  Tong Zhiguang has been appointed chairman of the board of 
directors of the China Import-Export Bank and Lei Zuhua its 
president. 

