BFN 

  [Text] Bonn -- Speaking in Bonn on Wednesday [13 April], 
Shaykh Hamad Bin-Jassim Bin-Jabbur al Thani, foreign minister of 
Qatar, criticized the dragging negotiations between the European 
Union [EU] and the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), the community 
of six Gulf states. "I am not happy nor content with what has 
been achieved so far," Shaykh Hamad told correspondents at the 
end of his three-day talks with the Federal Government. "We 
have been talking about cooperation for six or seven years, but 
so far there have been no concrete results in the form of 
agreements or regulations." 
  The Arabic politician mainly accused the European Union of 
making imports of petrochemical products from Gulf countries 
difficult with its customs policy. On the other hand, the GCC 
members (Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, 
Oman, Bahrain) are partly to blame for the stagnation because 
they still have not agreed on uniform customs regulations. He 
was content with Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel informing him 
that the European Union does not intend to introduce a new 
energy tax. "This helps keep petroleum prices stable beyond the 
year 2000," he said. 
  During his three-day visit, Shaykh Hamad also met Chancellor 
Helmut Kohl, his German counterpart Kinkel, and Hans Stercken, 
the chairman of the Bundestag's Foreign Affairs Committee. He 
said that the two countries are planning to conclude agreements 
on investment promotion and the avoidance of double taxation. 
Speaking to correspondents, the foreign minister especially 
acknowledged German support of the Muslims in Bosnia and the 
express support of the Middle East peace process. 

