BFN 

  [Excerpts] One of the cornerstones in the building of 
democracy and promotion of our country's social and economic 
development was laid this morning: The Economic and Social 
Council [ECOSOC] was installed at the Great Hall of the 
Presidency of the Republic by the head of state, President 
Nicephore Soglo. The ceremony establishes a key institution 
that Beninese waited a long time for. It was attended by former 
ECOSOC presidents, members of the National Assembly, members of 
the Constitutional Court, cabinet members, members of the 
Supreme Court, diplomats, and international organizations. 
  Since the National Assembly, this is the fourth link in the 
chain of state institutions to be established after the swearing 
in of the president of the Republic, the inauguration of our 
National Assembly, and the installation of the Constitutional 
Court. The institution has 30 members including three from the 
Presidency of the Republic and two from the National Assembly. 
The 25 others are drawn from employers' organizations, labor 
unions, development associations, craftsmen's organizations, 
performing artists, sports federations, liberal professions, 
research organizations, and clerics. It is clear that all 
sections of the nation are represented. However, ECOSOC has 
only one female member. [passage omitted] 
  ECOSOC gives its opinion on social and economic bills, 
ordinances, or decrees as well as on other bills duly submitted 
to it. Bills of an economic or social character must be 
submitted to ECOSOC for its opinion. This institution may also, 
on its own initiative and in the form of recommendations, bring 
to the attention of the legislature or the executive on economic 
and social reforms it considers in the general interest. 
[passage omitted] 

