BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Focus on Africa" program] </F>
  [Text] A regional summit meeting has been called for next 
Monday [6 June] to discuss the crisis in Rwanda. It's being 
convened by Kenya's head of state, President Daniel arap Moi, 
and he has invited his counterparts from Tanzania, Uganda, and 
Zaire, countries which have all been directly affected by the 
mass exodus of refugees from Rwanda. On the line to Nairobi, 
Heather Saleh asked President Moi what he hoped the meeting 
would achieve: 
  [Begin recording] [Moi] Every sensible person within East 
Africa knows that life is precious, and therefore this meeting, 
which will take place on Monday [6 June] will enable the leaders 
of East Africa -- Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Zaire -- to discuss 
how to go about the present situation in Rwanda, and to ask 
Rwandese leaders from RPF [Rwandan Patriotic Front] or those 
within the government not to add anguish and suffering to the 
people of Rwanda and then... [pauses] so that we can discuss and 
see how to restore peace in that country. I won't tell you in 
what form -- whether to take some troops to Rwanda or some other 
ways to alleviate problems and suffering of the Rwandese people. 
  [Saleh] But you speak about the possibility of taking troops 
to Rwanda, so would Kenya be ready to contribute men to the 
peacekeeping force? 
  [Moi] It will depend on the decision of the leaders on 
Monday. 
  [Saleh] So, you are not excluding the possibility of 
contributing troops? 
  [Moi] No, I am not excluding it. We will discuss all 
aspects that will bring the Rwandese situation back to 
normality, and to restore confidence of the people of Rwanda. 
  [Saleh] But wouldn't it be more effective to declare 
immediate support for the United Nations efforts, put troops at 
their disposal, and carry on the talks later, because the 
situation is very urgent? 
  [Moi] Well, I can't get the United Nations at the moment to 
move there. I want to seek, well.... [pauses] After Monday's 
meeting, we will then ask everybody, including Western countries 
-- Europe, America, and everybody else -- to play a bigger role 
on the humanitarian side, and then decide also as to who should 
participate in the restoration of peace in that area, in 
collaboration with the leaders of Rwanda in general. 
  [Saleh] Well, some people might say that the East African 
nations' efforts in resolving regional crises do not have a good 
record, and IGADD [Intergovernmental Authority on Drought and 
Development] has been trying to resolve the Sudanese problem, 
but so far it has failed? 
  [Moi] No we don't. The Sudanese problem, Madam, started 40 
years ago, probably before you were born, and a problem of that 
nature cannot be solved within weeks. I'm happy personally I am 
chairman of the subcommittee that was established by IGADD, and 
they have agreed on certain principles and they have made a 
declaration of principles on matters which have been difficult 
to be dealt with before, and both parties have signed another 
document enabling humanitarian groups to move into Sudan and 
decided to suggest corridors of tranquility where humanitarian 
groups can pass. 
  [Saleh] So, you would encourage the Rwandese to stake some 
hopes on your initiative, and you would disagree with people who 
say that all this is just for the prestige of regional leaders? 
  [Moi] No, no no! I'm serious about this. I don't jump on 
things. Have you heard Moi jumping on things? I don't rush on 
things. I'm serious on this one. [end recording] 

