BFN 

<F P=106> ["SVD" report: "Mr. Di Rupo Confirms Protection Operation"] </F>
  [Text] Brussels, 9 Apr (BELGA) -- As the C-130's fly off 
from Melsbroek military airport Saturday morning [9 April], Elio 
di Rupo, vice prime minister and communications minister, also 
confirmed Saturday morning that the government has indeed 
decided to protect Belgian citizens from Rwanda. 
  "For the moment, the government's prime concern is to get 
everything in place to protect Belgian Nationals, as the French 
and the Americans are doing," declared Mr. Di Rupo to [Belgian 
French-speaking] RTBF radio. Without mentioning the number of 
paratroopers which will leave Belgium, nor their destination, Di 
Rupo confirmed that the government decided that "there will 
indeed be an operation and that this operation will continue." 
  The vice prime minister considers that it is up to the 
General Staff and the military in the field to assess the 
situation. "The government has a political responsibility. The 
decision was made to contact UN Secretary General Butrus-Ghali 
and the United Nations. The military must do their job now," the 
vice prime minister added. 
  Since the country is geographically far from Belgium, the 
minister specified that "it was not an operation of few hours, 
but that it would take several days." 
  Regarding potential plans for lodging Belgian nationals 
willing to evacuate from Rwanda, the minister confirmed that all 
sanitary measures were taken. "For the rest," the minister 
added, "we will estimate the situation in the next couple of 
hours. At the moment, our concern is to protect the life of our 
nationals," the minister reiterated. 
  With regard to the eight C-130 Hercules aircraft and the two 
Boeings 727 (adapted to carry 120 passengers) of the Belgian Air 
Force which are stationed on Melsbroek airport, five had already 
left for an unknown destination at 1000 hours on Saturday. 

