BFN 

  [Text] At 1930 yesterday evening at the National Assembly 
[NA] Hall in Vientiane, His Excellency [H.E.] Saman Vi-gnaket, 
chairman of the NA of the Lao People's Democratic Republic 
[LPDR], and his wife hosted a banquet in honor of the high-level 
delegation of the House of Representatives of the Republic of 
the Philippines [HRRP] headed by H.E. Jose De Venecia, speaker 
of the HRRP, together with his wife and party, who are paying an 
official friendship visit to the LPDR. 
  Attending the banquet from the Lao side were H.E. Khambou 
Sounisai, vice chairman of the LPDR NA; H.E. Maisouk 
Saisompheng, chairman of the Lao Front for National Construction 
Central Committee; H.E. Souban Salitthilat, deputy foreign 
affairs minister; chiefs of the various NA commissions; 
ministers and deputy ministers; and a number of NA members. 
  From the Philippine side were H.E. Victor F. Ortega, H.E. 
Roque Ablan, and H.E. Eric Singson, members of the HRRP; Mrs. 
Tirona, Philippine ambassador to Laos; H.E. (Burirat Namwat), 
secretary general of the AIPO [ASEAN Interparliamentary 
Organization]; Mrs. (Ma Thea Raza), director of the Southeast 
Asia Department of the Philippine Foreign Ministry; and a number 
of accompanying officials. 
  At the banquet filled with an atmosphere of close intimacy, 
H.E. Saman Vi-gnaket delivered a speech welcoming the visit by 
the high-level HRRP delegation. 

