BFN 

  [Text] Montevideo, 20 May (AFP-NA) -- The directors of the 
Argentine, Brazilian, and Uruguayan state banks met today in 
Montevideo to accelerate the region's financial integration 
process with an eye to establishing the future Common Market of 
the South (Mercosur). 
  Executives from the Argentine Bank of the Nation, the Bank 
of 
Brazil, and the Bank of the Uruguayan Republic participated in 
the meeting, according to officers of the Uruguayan bank. 
  The meeting had the mission of "evaluating the application 
of 
mutual cooperation agreements that will permit an effective 
financial integration of the countries that will be a part of 
Mercosur," according to a communique issued by the Uruguayan 
banking authorities. 
  "The mutual granting of lines of financial credit to promote 
the subregion's exports, actions to promote trade within 
Mercosur, and credit support for enterprises that run their 
activities from Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay" were among the 
topics that were evaluated. 
  The three Southern Cone countries and Paraguay will, as of 
1995, implement a free trade zone in which financial activities 
will be increased with a greater flow in the exchange of 
services and assets. 
  During the meeting that was held in Montevideo, with the 
absence of Paraguay, it was agreed to promote the "exchange of 
technical and normative information between the state financial 
institutions and to advance in the field of banking technology 
cooperation," according to the communique. 

