BFN 

  [Text] Managua, 22 Jun (NOTIMEX) -- Nicaraguan police have 
arrested 11 former soldiers who today occupied for several hours 
the cathedral in the northern city of Esteli to demand that the 
government comply with the accords on demobilized groups, 
authorities have reported. 
  National Police Spokesperson Rosario Gomez said in the 
Nicaraguan capital that after learning about the cathedral 
occupation in Esteli, 184 km north of Managua, police appeared 
at the site and forcefully removed demonstrators. 
  No serious incidents during the eviction of the former 
soldiers, who used to work for the Government Ministry, were 
reported, the police spokesperson added. 
  The 11 former soldiers were taken to a prison in Esteli, 
while their comrades negotiate their liberation with the 
government, according to sources close to those arrested. 
  The former Government Ministry officials demand that the 
government comply with the accords to compensate them for 
leaving their military posts, as a result of the Armed Forces 
reduction implemented in 1990. 
  Two weeks ago, former soldiers took over the Managua 
cathedral and the Venezuelan Embassy in a similar fashion. They 
later abandoned these buildings after several hours of 
negotiations with officials of the government of President 
Violeta Chamorro. 
  Gomez said on Wednesday that a group of transportation 
workers blocked for several hours the road to Esteli demanding 
security guarantees from the government. 
  The police called on transportation workers to abandon the 
road, the spokesperson concluded without giving further details. 

