BFN 

  [Text] The prime minister, Mr. George Cosmas Adyebo, has 
received a special envoy of President Jerry Rawlings of Ghana, 
sent to deliver a special message to President Yoweri Museveni, 
now on a working visit in Europe. Lieutenant General (Arnold 
Piano), a former commander of the Ghanaian Armed Forces and 
first commander of the ECOMOG [Economic Community of West 
African States Cease-Fire Monitoring Group] force in Liberia, 
handed the message to the prime minister in his office in 
Kampala today. Lt. Gen. (Piano), who was accompanied by Ugandan 
minister of state for defense, Mr. Amama Mbabazi, and Brigadier 
General (Ajerufra Francis), who is the chief of staff of the 
Armed Forces of Ghana, told the prime minister that his team had 
been sent on a special mission to Uganda by President Rawlings, 
in connection with the situation in Rwanda. He said the team is 
interested in knowing the views of Rwanda's neighbors about what 
should be done to settle the Rwanda crisis. 
  During the meeting, the Ghanaian delegation was briefed 
about 
the stages Uganda has taken toward the solution of the conflict 
ever since the war began. 
  The meeting also pointed out the necessity of an 
intervention 
force which must be agreed upon by the two warring sides. The 
meeting agreed that the force must only go for humanitarian 
reasons such as escorting food convoys and to provide security 
and not to engage in disarming or confronting one of the warring 
sides. 

