Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] A Franco-Italian riddle: which one is imitating 
the other? Is Berlusconi trying to be a right-wing Tapie, or is 
Tapie trying to be a left-wing Berlusconi? On this side of the 
Alps, Bernard Tapie, the chairman of OM [Marseille soccer club], 
has just been elected in the cantonal elections and is making a 
bid for the Marseille mayoralty. On the other side of the Alps, 
Silvio Berlusconi, the chairman of AC Milan [Milan soccer club] 
has just won the legislative elections and is making a bid for 
the post of prime minister. [passage omitted] 
  National Front Chairman Jean-Marie Le Pen has hailed the 
victory of the Right in Italy. UDF [French Democratic Union] 
Minister Alain Madelin hopes that France, too, will wake up in 
the Italian way. On the contrary, Socialist Julien Dray, the 
guest of France Inter this morning, sees an open door to every 
potential danger in Berlusconi's victory. Of course, the 
reaction of French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe is more 
diplomatic than all the others. He spoke to Quentin Dickinson 
in Luxembourg: 
  [Begin Juppe recording] [Juppe] I do not want to pass 
judgement on the democratic choices of other peoples. They are 
responsible and sovereign. The Italian people have made their 
choice. I have no particular comment to make. I only hope the 
new Italian Government that ensues from these elections will be 
able to maintain its support for Europe, which Italy has always 
steadfastly done, and of course that it will maintain active 
cooperation with France. We have a lot of things to do with 
Italy in particular in the Mediterranean area where the 
situation is so unstable. France is a Mediterranean power and 
so is Italy. This is why we will pay particular attention to 
the political decisions that will be taken. 
  [Dickinson] Does this mean you do not have any particular 
concern? 
  [Juppe] I repeat I have no reason to pass judgement on what 
the Italians have done. [end recording] 

