Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Tehran, March 14, IRNA -- The English daily `TEHRAN 
TIMES' here Monday suggested that an argumentative but active 
parliament will be more advantageous for Kazakhstan than a 
passive and static one. Commenting on the parliamentary 
elections in Kazakhstan, the daily said in its editorial that 
official election results published last Thursday indicate that 
23 out of 177 of the elected parliamentarians belong to 
political parties which do not fully support President Nursultan 
Nazarbayev's political ideology. 
  "It is too early to judge Kazakhstan's election results, but 
apparently one of the major elements which has gained access to 
the legislature is made up of 60 independent representatives." 
It said that Nazarbayev's Popular Union Party has sent 20 
members to the parliament. 
  Turning to the dilemma the newly independent states of the 
former Soviet Union are faced the daily said, "while they are 
afraid that relaxing social and political restrictions may 
endanger their political stability, their memories of decades of 
dictatorship and political suppression compels them to at least 
flirt with the idea of democracy." It further added that 
Kazakhstan is more sensitive to this dilemma than the rest of 
the newly independent republics. 
  The daily stressed that western powers attached special 
importance to Kazakhstan because of being the fourth largest 
atomic power in the world and because of its unique 
geo-political situation, being located between the three great 
regional powers of China, Russia and India. 
  Stressing that Russia is not the only country which keeps a 
close eye on Kazakhstan's affairs, due to the fact that Russians 
form the largest minority in Kazakhstan, the daily concluded by 
saying that all other regional countries have also an interest 
in Kazakhstan's actions. 

