Language: <F P=105> Dutch </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article: "Minister Wants More Powers for </F>
Europol"] 
  [Text] Europol, the European Community's joint police 
organization, should in the future carry out executive tasks to 
support the member states in the fight against organized crime, 
Justice Minister Hirsch Ballin said on Wednesday [16 February] 
at the opening of the Europol building on the Raamweg in The 
Hague. 
  The formation of joint detective teams on the basis of 
agreements between the member states "followed logically" from 
his proposal, the minister said. It would quickly become clear 
that Europol should not be limited to supporting the fight 
against drug dealing and money laundering, the minister said. 
"After all, organized crime does not limit itself to these 
activities," he said. "The organizations are always looking for 
more fields for their activities." 
  A rapid study of how Europol's duties should be expanded was 
therefore to be recommended, Hirsch Ballin said. The agreements 
between the 12 member states only allow Europol to exchange 
information. The minister said that Europol's powers would also 
have to be expanded, so that the organization was given 
executive powers. "I realize that this last step is still far 
away, but it is the direction we must follow," Hirsch Ballin 
said. 

