BFN 

  [Text] Paris, May 9 (AFP) -- French customs officials 
arrested an Algerian man in possession of a cache of weapons and 
explosives that he allegedly planned to pass on to Islamic 
fundamentalists in his country, sources said Monday [9 May]. 
  Abdel Hakim Boutrif, 34, was stopped at toll booth Friday in 
Meurthe-et-Moselle in northeastern France after entering the 
country from Germany, the sources said. 
  He was transfered to Paris where he was held for questioning 
by anti-terrorist police. He was to appear before the Paris 
prosecutor's office Tuesday. 
  In Boutrif's car customs officers found 129 100-gram 
(3.5-ounce) sticks of explosives, 99 detonators, 5,000 rounds of 
ammunition, three automatic pistols, one assault rifle, four 
sets of night vision goggles, three scanners and 14 
transmitter-receivers. 
  Police said Boutrif, who is married and lives in a Paris 
suburb, was making his second trip to Algeria after having 
loaded up his car with weapons in Germany. He was planning to 
drive down through France, Spain and Morocco to Algeria, 
apparently to deliver the cache to Islamic fundamentalists, the 
police said. 
  Sympathisers of the Islamic Salvation Front, which is 
currently waging low-level civil war against Algeria's 
military-dominated government, have been arrested on three 
separate occasions in France in recent months, charged with 
possession of weapons and false papers. 

