Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["`Industrial Peace' Is Reactionary Slogan for Exploiting </F>
and Oppressing Workers" -- KCNA headline] 
  [Text] Pyongyang, March 7 (KCNA) -- NODONG SINMUN today 
carries an article on the reactionary "industrial peace" 
doctrine of the traitor Kim Yong-sam of South Korea. 
  "Industrial peace" is a South Korean version of the 
"labor-management cooperation" which had been claimed by 
capitalists and their servants from the initial period of 
development of capitalism with a view to exploiting and 
oppressing workers by appeasing and deceiving them, the article 
says, and goes on: 
  The reactionary essence of the "industrial peace" clamored 
about by the Kim Yong-sam group lies, above all, in that it is a 
slogan of fascist repression for shifting the blame for economic 
catastrophe on to workers and stifling their struggle for their 
vital rights and democracy at the point of the bayonet. 
  The puppets allege that a "wage hike should be curbed" and 
an 
"industrial peace" be achieved in order to find a way out of 
crisis, ascribing the serious crisis of the South Korean economy 
to the workers who demand a "higher pay" and cause 
"labour-management disputes". The very ones who have driven the 
economy to a catastrophic phase are now preaching "industrial 
peace", laying the blame for the economic crisis of South Korea 
at the door of workers. This is a shameless distortion of 
reality. What they really intend is to find a pretext for more 
harshly suppressing the labour movement. 
  The reactionary nature of the Kim Yong-sam group's 
much-touted "industrial peace" lies also in that it is a 
deceptive slogan for enabling comprador capitalists to exploit 
workers at will, paralyzing workers' class consciousness and 
fighting spirit and thus keeping them from turning out in the 
struggle for the right to existence and democratic freedom. 
  The allegation of the Kim Yong-sam group that workers and 
employers should work for "mutual cooperation" and "concord" to 
"fix industrial peace" is nothing but a reactionary ballyhoo 
intended to emasculate the class consciousness and the spirit of 
resistance of workers. 
  The way for the South Korean workers to free themselves from 
the present-day slave labour and hardships of living lies in 
their strenuous struggle for the right to existence and 
democratic freedom, not in "labor-management cooperation" and 
"industrial peace". 

