BFN 

  [Text] Premier Esko Aho's visit to China has started with 
negotiations with Chinese Premier Li Peng. The premiers 
discussed Finland's membership of the European Union [EU], the 
current situation in Russia, and human rights. Sinikka Arteva 
reporting from Beijing: 
  [Arteva] According to Chinese Premier Li Peng, Finland's 
possible membership of the EU will not cause any problems in the 
economic relations between Finland and China. Li Peng said that 
China already has very good and extensive relations with several 
EU countries. Li Peng spoke for a few minutes with 
representatives of Finnish media after his talks with Premier 
Esko Aho, which lasted over two hours. Li Peng said that trade 
between Finland and China is now greater than ever, that is 
almost 3 billion markkas. 
  In addition to the EU questions, Premier Esko Aho and the 
PRC 
premier discussed the current state of development of the former 
Soviet Union and human rights. According to Aho, both countries 
explained their own views on human rights. Today Finland and 
China also signed a cultural agreement with the premiers as 
witnesses. In addition, an agreement was signed on Finnish 
companies' work to stop the Yellow River from flooding. 
  Earlier in the day, Aho was joking at the ambassador's 
luncheon that you can learn things even beyond Siberia. During 
his educational trip lasting a week, Aho will acquaint himself 
with Finnish companies operating here, will see different kinds 
of reform projects run by China, and will try to give political 
help to Finnish companies in entering the Chinese market. 
Tomorrow Aho's trip will continue to Shanghai where the premier 
will acquaint himself with the current reforms of this 
industrial center. This is Sinikka Arteva in Beijing. 

