BFN 

  [Text] Kuala Lumpur, June 30 (OANA-BERNAMA) -- Japan's new 
Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama will have to deal with the 
issue of market access which is a persistent problem to many of 
the country's trading partners, including Malaysia, Deputy Prime 
Minister Anwar Ibrahim, said here Thursday. 
  Japan's obvious lack of market access to exports from other 
countries coupled with the steep appreciation of the yen has led 
Malaysia, along with most of Japan's trading partners to incur 
deficits in their bilateral trade. 
  However, in the meantime, the deputy prime minister said, 
Malaysian exporters should strive to be more competitive in 
penetrating new markets while importers should look to other 
sources of supply for their inputs. 
  This would reduce the adverse effects on the yen which has 
appreciated markedly against the ringgit, Anwar said when 
responding to queries by newsmen as to what Malaysia was doing 
to address the trade deficit with Japan. 
  In January-February this year, Malaysia suffered a 
significant deficit in its trade with Japan of [Malaysian 
ringgit] RM3 billion (about US $1.2 billion), having imported 
RM5.6 billion (about US $2.24 billion) worth of goods and 
exported RM2.7 billion, (about US$1.08 billion) with the major 
imports being machinery. 
  The deficit has been further compounded by the escalation of 
the yen, by as much as 20 percent over the past two years. 
Currently, the ringgit's exchange rate is hovering at 2.6288 
from 2.0020/50 on June 30, 1992. 

