Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By reporters Pu Liye (5543 4539 2814) and Wu Yilong (1566 </F>
1150 7893)] 
  [Text] Beijing, 17 Mar (XINHUA) -- Jia Qinglin, secretary 
of the Fujian provincial party committee and governor who is 
attending the ongoing Second Session of the Eighth National 
People's Congress here, said: As a result of China's opening up 
wider to the outside world, Fujian has formed an export-oriented 
economy. 
  As one of China's pioneer provinces that began implementing 
the opening-up policy, Fujian currently has special economic 
zones, economic and technological development zones, coastal 
open cities, coastal economic open areas, Taiwan investment 
zones, free trade zones, new and high-technology industrial 
development zones, national tourist resorts, and scores of 
minidevelopment zones that have been totally funded and operated 
by foreign investors. Fujian topped China's provinces in their 
levels of opening up, in providing various types of services, 
and in involving provisions of various policies. As of the end 
of 1993, Fujian has approved nearly 13,000 foreign-funded 
enterprises. Foreign businessmen have actually supplied more 
than $5.98 billion of funds for investment projects, and the 
number of the three types of partially or wholly foreign- owned 
enterprises that have begun operations and production totaled 
more than 5,700. 
  Jia Qinglin said: Fujian's 1993 gross domestic product [GDP] 
increased 25.4 percent over that of 1992, thereby quadrupling 
the 1980 GDP seven years ahead of schedule. Meanwhile, Fujian 
has improved its industrial structure; production and sales have 
grown simultaneously; and efficiency has risen remarkably. 
Fujian's 1993 financial revenues were more than 10 billion yuan 
for the first time, up 48 percent over that of 1992. Further 
progress in its export-oriented economic sector was a major 
factor favorably enhancing Fujian's economic development: 
Fujian's total 1993 export value was $5.7 billion, or 53 
percent of its GDP. Foreign investors have actually supplied 
more than $3 billion of funds, and their investments on fixed 
assets amounted to 43.8 percent of Fujian's total investments on 
fixed assets. The output value of the three types of partially 
or wholly foreign-owned enterprises that have begun operations 
amounted to 24 percent of Fujian's total industrial output 
value. More than 50 percent of the output value newly created 
in 1993 has been propelled by the export-oriented economic 
sector. 
  The export-oriented economic sector has undoubtedly played a 
crucial role in facilitating Fujian's economic development. 
Since the beginning of 1994, the export-oriented economic 
sector has been developing favorably, even though China began to 
implement new measures including new tax systems and a 
dual-track system on foreign exchange rates [hui lu bing gui 
0565 3764 1629 6510]. During January and February 1994, the 
three types of partially or wholly foreign-owned enterprises 
that have newly contracted to supply $1.33 billion of foreign 
funds have actually supplied $380 million, up 11.2 percent and 
49.5 percent respectively over that of the same period in 1993. 
Fujian's total export value was $840 million, increasing 44.1 
percent over that of the same period in 1993. In 1994, Fujian 
plans to reach $7 billion in export value and to use $3.5 
billion of foreign funds; both figures are considerably higher 
than that of 1993. 

