Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Enrique Lemus from the "YSU Radio News" newscast] </F>
  [Text] Presidency Minister Oscar Santamaria has accused the 
political left of creating an atmosphere of instability to 
hinder the election chances of the progovernment party. 
  Presidency Minister Dr. Oscar Santamaria reported that 
protests by different groups are being sponsored by leftist 
parties to harm the government. Santamaria added that the 
leftist parties are seeking electoral benefits by promoting 
demonstrations and creating an atmosphere of instability prior 
to the next elections. 
  [Begin Santamaria recording] [words indistinct] this time 
that we have learned leftist sectors are promoting actions to 
destabilize the country and capitalize on those actions in the 
20 March elections. We believe that this is not the right way 
of doing things at this time, because now more than ever the 
country requires stability and peace. 
  The people want to express themselves publicly by peacefully 
exercising their right to vote, as opposed to previous electoral 
processes which were marred by violence. We must not let 
ourselves be deceived by these demonstrations, which many times 
exceed the realm of social protest. Such social protests are 
valid all over the world, provided that public order and public 
security are maintained. [words indistinct] generate violence. 
We believe this is not a good example for our people. 
  All actions that are aimed at vindicating a group's rights 
can be made without resorting to violence. We believe that 
staging marches, public demonstrations, and protests for the 
sake of staging them -- without any justification -- should not 
be done at this time, because we are working through other 
actions and convictions to consolidate peace. [end recording] 
  Meanwhile, Dr. Santamaria stated he does not know anything 
about steps taken by the FMLN [Farabundo Marti National 
Liberation Front] at the United Nations, adding that the peace 
process is not [words indistinct]. 
  [Begin Santamaria recording] [words indistinct] FMLN which 
are the product of their visit. It is doing this in a 
unilateral manner and as part of its relationship with the 
United Nations. I do not know the reasons behind the visit of 
FMLN representatives to the United Nations. 
  I stated that in the United Nations there is the belief that 
we must continue working in situ, namely in El Salvador, as part 
of the commitment each party has. The FMLN has always wondered 
about what will happen with the peace accords after this 
administration leaves office. This is apparently part of the 
FMLN's concern, and I understand this, as well as that the FMLN 
wants to discuss the elections with the UN secretary general. 
Nevertheless, we are in no way saying that the accords face a 
crisis. [end recording] 
  Santamaria gave the aforementioned statements after 
presiding 
over the graduation ceremony of 337 students of the National 
Public Security Academy who will join the National Civilian 
Police. 

