Language: <F P=105> Mandarin </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Recorded report from Baoding: "Cheng Weigao, Secretary of </F>
the Hebei Provincial Party Committee, Calls on Teachers and 
Students at Hebei University on the Morning of 7 January"] 
  [Excerpts] On the morning of 7 January, Cheng Weigao, 
secretary of the provincial party committee; and Liu Zuoqian, 
vice governor of the provincial government, went to Hebei 
University to call on teachers and students. 
  At the computer room of the university, Comrade Cheng Weigao 
held talks with teachers and students. [passage omitted] 
  Provincial leaders also visited the university's libraries, 
central laboratory building, physics and chemistry laboratories, 
and student canteens; and then held talks with the university 
leaders, some senior professors, and young teachers. [passage 
omitted] 
  During the talks, Cheng Weigao conscientiously heard the 
teachers' opinions. 
  He stressed: The university should focus on teaching, attend 
to both applied science and basic science, and be concerned with 
the working and living conditions of teachers. The party, 
administrative, trade union, and Communist Youth League 
organizations of the university, as well as its service 
departments should go all out to improve the living conditions 
of teachers and students and ensure they have stable working 
conditions and stable ideology and concentrate all energy on 
teaching and scientific research. The university should create 
good conditions to attract skilled persons and have them remain 
at the university in an effort to build itself into a key 
university of the whole country. [passage omitted] 

