BFN 

<F P=106> [Station commentary] </F>
  [Text] In the wake of the atrocious crime of perpetrated by 
the terrorist grouplet Mojahedin-e Khalq Organization against 
the pilgrims of the holy mausoleum of the eighth Imam of the 
world Shiite, Imam Reza, peace be upon him, in a letter 
addressed to the UN Security General Butrus-Ghali, on Wednesday 
June the 22nd, foreign minister of the Islamic Republic of Iran 
urged him to strengthen cooperation in combating the threat of 
terrorism at national, regional and international levels on the 
basis of the UN General Assembly Resolution 122 released on 28th 
of August 1992. In the course of the terrorists' act 
perpetrated by the Monafeqin grouplet on June 20th and their 
bomb attack on a sacred Islamic place on a holy day against the 
ordinary people at least 26 pilgrims, including a large number 
of women, children and elderly people were martyred and 170 
others were injured. 
  Expert reports and investigations and documents recovered in 
this atrocious crime confirm that the terrorist grouplet 
Monafeqin has been responsible for this premeditated and 
pre-engineered act. In this relation, in Mr. Velayati's letter 
to Butrus-Ghali it has been emphasised that it is a duty upon 
all countries that in a common international endeavour against 
terrorism and in a bid to fulfil their international obligation 
and commitments not only denounce this inhuman and cowardly act 
but also conduct necessary investigations into the possibility 
of their official organizations, citizens or their territories 
being used by these terrorist group for planning, financing, 
encouraging or supporting these crimes and to take effective 
steps to prevent them from carrying out their designs. 
  It is worth noting that unfortunately the option of dual 
stands and failure of a number of superficial advocated of 
international political propaganda against terrorism to prevent 
the activities of the terrorist group MKO inside their countries 
is regarded as an encouragement for the continuation of such 
organized crimes by this organization. Moreover it casts 
serious doubt on the adherence of such countries to their 
commitment in combating this international threat. Obviously 
the bloody tragedy of Mashhad proved to the whole world that the 
terrorist grouplet Monafeqin will trample upon all human and 
moral norms in a bid to achieve its disgraceful and evil goals 
and refuses to attach the slightest importance to human and 
divine values. The Iranian Muslim nation, once again, through 
resistance in the face of such tragedies, proved that their 
coherence and solidarity of the Iranian nation will never be 
damaged and that it will defuse and neutralise all the sinister 
designs of the aliens and their hirelings. 

