BFN 

  [Text] Croatian President Franjo Tudjman received leaders 
of all parliamentary parties in the presidential palace today. 
All those invited attended the talks except for Stipe Mesic, 
president of the Croatian Independent Democrats [HND]. 
  In compliance with his constitutional duty, stipulated in 
Article 94 of the Croatian Constitution, to ensure respect for 
the Constitution and normal functioning of state authorities, 
President Tudjman called on the party leaders to show respect 
for the results of the democratic multiparty elections and to 
make their actions comply with democratic parliamentary rules of 
behavior in bodies elected by popular vote. 
  President Tudjman stressed that all political parties should 
primarily take into consideration the basic interests of the 
Croatian people and the Croatian state. These interests are 
being expressed today through specific problems, which must be 
resolved within the Croatian parliament, as a legislative and 
political representative body. He added that time and energy 
should not be wasted on useless party bickering of a procedural 
nature. 
  President Tudjman called on all those present to make 
additional efforts to find a solution through agreement. But he 
stressed that the parliamentary speaker was elected legitimately 
and in accordance with the law, and that this can not be 
questioned. 
  The parliamentary party presidents agreed that interparty 
talks should resume immediately with the aim of finding a 
solution through agreement, the president's office said in a 
statement. 

