BFN 

  [Text] Tirana, May 27 (ATA) -- [passage indistinct] as an 
independent country, whether to the liking of Greece or not, is 
determined to work intensively to develop friendship and 
cooperation relying on the principle of reciprocity with all the 
countries of the region, Europe and the world which share the 
same values. Albania is convinced that this is in its own 
interest, as well as in the interest of the Balkans and of 
Greece itself. But, one should say that other analysts think 
that making a global evaluation of the Greek policy in the 
region, the relations with Albania are only a segment of the 
policy of the Greek phobia towards neighbors or better it is the 
neighbour-phobia which dominates the Greek politics today. For 
this very reason, its neighbours in the region which expected by 
the Presidency of the European Union, that as states are 
directly bordered with the European Union to be assisted by 
Greece in order to be closer to this union and its 
opportunities, received the opposite of the assistance. 
  Thus, Greece established embargo against The Former Yugoslav 
Republic of Macedonia [FYROM], while on the other way it blocked 
the EU assistance for Albania's salaries' fund. Wherefore 
Greece chose embargoes, blockades, grudges, and damnation to 
"contribute" to the stability of Balkans for the first six 
months of the 1994. Italy, NATO, and EU member, too, could not 
escape from the Greek anathema. It was the same way with 
Turkey, NATO member. Only Serbia has profited by the Greek 
Presidency in the region and may be the heavens and the seas 
which surround Greece until the Gods of Greece get angry with 
them. 

