Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By staff reporters] </F>
  [Text] China has withdrawn nine official entries to the 
Hong Kong Film Festival because two productions by independent 
mainland film-makers are being shown, sources said. Although 
the official reason for withdrawing the nine entries was that 
they were not available, sources said both the film festival 
management and the Urban Council had been warned. Beijing does 
not consider the unofficial films to be representative of China. 
  A press conference to promote the 16-day event yesterday was 
postponed. However, tickets for the nine withdrawn movies were 
still available through the Urban Council's telephone 
reservation services. 
  The council's culture select committee will hold a 
closed-door meeting this morning to discuss the programme 
changes. An internal circular was distributed within the 
festival unit of the Urban Services Department yesterday, 
preventing staff from commenting or giving information on the 
issue. 
  Select committee chairman Man Sai-cheong described China's 
move as "absurd", while another committee member, Ma Lee-wo, 
said it was stupid for China to interfere in Hong Kong's 
artistic life during the transitional period. "The film 
festival is purely a cultural exchange which should not be fused 
with political factors," Mr Man said. He accused China of 
spoiling the integrity of the film festival and pledged not to 
bow to pressure to withdraw the independent productions. "It is 
a very bad precedent. I can't stop worrying about film 
festivals after 1997, since China could ban all the films it 
dislikes regardless of where they come from," he said. 
  It is understood Urbco has already dropped the independently 
made film Blue Kite by mainland director Tian Zhuanzhuan, which 
was the centre of a similar row in Japan. The two unofficial 
entries to be screened this year are The Days and Red [as 
published]. 

