BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by reporter Eduardo Lindo Collantes from Congress -- </F>
live] 
  [Excerpts] Congressman Cesar Fernandez, president of the 
Justice Committee and member of New Majority-Change 90, 
condemned today the release of three terrorists who were 
involved in murder. Fernandez demanded a thorough investigation 
of the judges who ordered their release. 
  Fernandez added that he will submit a bill to ensure that 
the 
release of terrorists cannot occur without the confirmation of a 
superior court. [passage omitted] 
  Congressman Julio Castro Gomez said the terrorists' release 
is a very serious event that should be explained to the country 
by the interior and justice ministers. Castro announced that he 
has submitted a note requesting that the two ministers of the 
cabinet of President Alberto Fujimori appear before a plenary 
session of Congress or before the congressional executive board. 
  [Madrid EFE in Spanish at 1433 GMT on 13 June 1994 reports 
that three Shining Path terrorist organization leaders, one of 
whom ordered the murder of Lieutenant Mayor Maria Elena Moyano 
of Villa El Salvador in 1992, have been released. According to a 
program aired by Channel Four on the night of 12 June, the 
released terrorists are: Luis Alberto Arana Franco, aka Abel; 
Juan Carlos Rojas, aka Norman; and Monica Tinta. The television 
program comments that their release could be part of a strategy 
to deepen the conflict within the Shining Path.] 

