Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpt] In reference to a comment made by a Honduran 
military official, Armed Forces Commander General Fernando 
Sanjinez Yanez said on 3 February that the U.S. attempt to have 
the armed forces of the Latin American countries disappear to 
impose its predominance does create concern. 
  For Gen. Sanjinez it is not possible that the U.S. 
Government 
would have that intention when its Armed Forces were also born, 
like those of other nations, "inspired by independence and 
freedom for the Republic." 
  Sanjinez said the U.S. Government should understand that 
"respect for someone else's rights means peace," and that for 
this reason a dominance of this nature -- which according to the 
Honduran military official is already in process -- should not 
occur. 
  He added: "Our armed forces did not come to life as 
instruments of a long process of conquest. They are the product 
of the historic need for freedom our people had and still have." 
  According to the contents of the "Bush Plan," the United 
States has the main objective of abolishing the armed forces in 
Latin America to impose its dominance and will in detriment to 
the sovereignty and independence of the region's countries. 
  Sanjinez Yanez pointed out that an attitude of aggression by 
the United States "would be like ignoring the influence of the 
culture of peace in the evolution of history." 
  He believes the position of the Bolivian military is shared 
by its Latin American colleagues whose representatives have 
reacted several times to this delicate issue. [passage omitted] 

