Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Santa Fe de Bogota, 14 Jan (AFP) -- The Colombian 
guerrilla group the Socialist Renewal Movement (CRS), who is 
negotiating with the government on demobilization, agreed to 
surrender its weapons in April, according to an agreement signed 
on Friday and released by the two sides. 
  The CRS, made up of approximately 300 rebels, a dissident 
faction of the rebel Army of National Liberation (ELN), began 
holding talks in December 1993 in Flor del Monte, Sucre 
Department. 
  The negotiating agenda states that the ceremony for 
surrendering weapons and reintegration into democratic life will 
be held on 3 April. The document was signed by Carlos Jaramillo, 
presidential adviser for peace, Deputy Government (Interior) 
Minister Jorge Garcia, and CRS spokesmen Jose Aristizabal, 
Fernando Hernandez, and Alfredo Vivies. 
  The agreement covers social development, economic and social 
reintegration, legal benefits, human rights, citizens' 
participation, concerted economic efforts, and political 
favoring. The last topic makes reference to the rebels' desire 
to participate as a legal political group in the legislative 
elections to be held next March. 
  Aside from the agreement, it was reported that 11 members of 
the rebel group deserted from the camp and took several assault 
rifles and ammunition. 

