BFN 

<F P=106> [Article signed MV/SV/NB: "International Conference on </F>
Control of Chemical Substances Opens in Stockholm"] 
  [Text] Stockholm/Bern, 25 April (ATS/DPA) -- The 
international conference on the control of chemical substances 
opened on Monday [25 April] in Stockholm. Over the course of 
five days, representatives of 130 states, including Switzerland, 
will discuss how to use and transport toxic chemical substances 
to ensure greater respect for the environment. 
  Among the issues that will be discussed are the increased 
production and use of chemical substances in Third World 
countries. These states often do not have the financial 
resources and technical know-how to use these products in an 
environmentally friendly way. Moreover, these countries are 
increasingly being subjected to toxic waste exports from 
industrialized countries. 
  The Swiss delegation in the Swedish capital is led by Rudolf 
Baerfuss, head of international affairs at the Federal Office of 
the Environment, Forests and Countryside. According to a press 
release issued by the Interior Ministry, the conference should 
decide to increase coordination between the institutions already 
active in the field of dangerous chemical substances. In 
addition, Chapter 19 of Agenda 21 adopted at the Rio summit in 
June 1992 will be put into effect. 
  The decisions made in Stockholm will be implemented by the 
secretariat of the international program on the safety of 
dangerous substances. This secretariat has been placed under 
the authority of the UN program for the environment, the World 
Health Organization, and the International Labor Organization. 

