CSO 

  [Text] Tehran, 15 Ordibehesht [25 April] -- As of 15 
Farvardin 1373 [4 April 1994] the per-minute telephone rate from 
Iran to other parts of the world was increased based on a 
measure enacted by the Supreme Economic Council. 
  Based on this measure, the new rates will be calculated for 
two time periods, one from 0700 to 2400 and the other, at a 
reduction of 50 percent, from 2400 to 0700. The previous rate, 
which has been in effect since the year 1368 [21 March 1989-20 
March 1990], made no distinction between day and night. 
  Part of the recent measure enacted by the Economic Council 
states: 
  1 - The international telephone rates for calls placed by 
subscribers and for calls placed with partial operator 
assistance will go into effect as of 15 Farvardin 1373, and will 
go into effect for cash calls as of the date of the publication 
of these guidelines. 
  2 - Connections made on international calls only will be 
reduced 50 percent from 2400 to 0700 and likewise all day on 
Fridays. 
  3 - In view of the fact that action on international 
telephone taxes will be taken collectively at the central 
office, all money collected for international telephone 
connections will be deposited in the revenues account based on 
the rates given in the enclosed tables. 
  4 - The fees for the contractors at the application centers 
and for the managers at the communications offices will be 
calculated in any case from the international telephone revenues 
after deducting 40 percent. 
  5 - If the last numeral to the right in the figure for the 
total amount due is less than 5 rials [R], then R5 will be 
collected, and if it is between R5 and R10, R10 will be 
collected. 
  According to the new measure, the rate for telephone calls 
will be R1,266 for each minute between Iran and Germany, 
Switzerland, and France; R1,372 per minute to Sweden; R1,380 to 
the Ukraine and Russia; R1,552 to England; R2,068 to the 
Netherlands; R2,068 to Iraq; R1,552 to Saudi Arabia; R3,586 to 
Madagascar; R1,552 to Australia; R2,625 to America; R3,102 to 
Argentina and Mexico; and R4,138 for countries such as Chile and 
Honduras. 


