Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "RPC Television News" newscast] </F>
  [Text] Foreign Minister Jose Raul Mulino has said Panama is 
not involved in any cases of expropriation of properties, as a 
U.S. senator is claiming. Mulino has said U.S. Senator Jesse 
Helms' assertion about the alleged confiscation of U.S. 
companies has nothing to do with the situation in this country. 
  [Begin Mulino recording] In Senator Jesse Helms' statement 
on 
this topic, he only mentioned Panama within a group of 
countries, but none of the cases mentioned by Senator Helms 
refer to events that have occurred in Panama; therefore, if 
there was some mention, it was totally accidental by Senator 
Helms. 
  According to the information that Ambassador Ford 
[Panamanian 
ambassador to the United States] gave me a few minutes ago, 
Helms did not refer to a specific case in Panama. The only one 
that occurs to me which he could have mentioned is the one 
concerning the official residence of our embassy in Managua. 
That case is not one involving a conflict, because Panama told 
the Nicaraguan Government more than one year ago the moment it 
wants the house, it will be returned. [end recording] 
  The foreign minister added the house had been given to the 
Noriega government by the Sandinist government without any 
specific agreement; therefore, Panama is willing to return that 
house as soon as the Nicaraguan Government so requests. 

