BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, June 9 (KCNA) -- A symposium of 
educational workers was held here Wednesday to mark the lapse of 
30 years since the dear leader Comrade Kim Chong-il began to 
work at the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea. 
  Speeches were made at the symposium on the subjects "To Have 
the Dear Leader Comrade Kim Chong-il at the Head of Our Party Is 
a Historical Event Which Heralded a New Era of the Revolutionary 
Cause of Chuche," "Immortal Feats of the Dear Leader Comrade Kim 
Chong-il in Achieving the Singlehearted Unity of the Leader, the 
Party and the Masses and Building the Strong Driving Force of 
Revolution", "Undying Exploits of the Dear Leader Comrade Kim 
Chong-il in Opening a Great Heyday of Chuche-based Education by 
Wisely Leading Revolution in Education," etc. 
  The speakers said that the 30 years since the dear leader 
Comrade Kim Chong-il began his work at the party Central 
Committee were brilliant decades showing the glorious history of 
the illustrious leader who has led the whole party and people 
along the victorious road of the cause of socialism. 
  The great victory won by the dear leader in the course of 
accomplishing the socialist cause by defending the revolutionary 
traditions of chuche and strengthening the singlehearted unity 
of the leader, the party and the masses in every way constitutes 
his distinguished feat for the times and revolution, they said. 
  They recalled that he advanced a policy of making revolution 
in education in conformity with the requirements of the 
developing reality and ushered in a heyday of education. The 
imperishable feats performed by the party in the development of 
educational work, they said, are that it firmly armed all the 
students with the chuche idea and trained a large contingent of 
intellectuals capable of solving scientific and technological 
problems arising in socialist construction by their own efforts. 
  They said 1.73 million intellectuals have grown up and are 
reliably defending all posts of revolution and construction. 
  They stressed that all the achievements made in educational 
work are results of the energetic and wise leadership and 
solicitude of the dear leader Comrade Kim Chong-il over the past 
30 years. 
  Choe Tae-pok, alternate Politburo member and secretary of 
the 
Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea, was present at 
the symposium. 

