Language: <F P=105>Korean </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] According to reports, Japanese Foreign Minister Hata 
told a preposterous sophistry during a news conference by saying 
that the suspicion of North Korea's nuclear development is a 
factor of restlessness in the entire Asian region. 
  In view of Hata's slanderous remarks against us in his first 
official appearance in the new year, it is not hard to predict 
that the Japanese authorities' hostile, anti-Republic maneuver 
[pangonghwaguk choktaesi chaektong], far from being alleviated, 
will become more unscrupulous this year. 
  Hata's remarks, that greatly agitate us, are utterly 
destructive [paekhae muik]. They are of no help in resolving 
the nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula, but will only result 
in complicating the situation. 
  The Japanese authorities' continued provocative utterances 
of 
slandering and defaming us plainly show that they still seek a 
sinister scheme [hyungcheak] to isolate and ruin [malsal] us in 
conspiracy with seditious forces, far from atoning for 
immeasurable misfortunes and sufferings they criminally imposed 
on our people in the past and establishing good-neighborly 
relations with us. 
  The first issue in the new year of NIHON KEIZAI SHIMBUN 
reported that it is highly possible that Japan will participate 
in war on the Korean peninsula in case of an emergency. This 
clearly shows the Japanese authorities' ambition for reinvasion 
[chaechim kido]. 
  The Japanese authorities' attempt to gain supremacy over 
[cheap] our Republic with force is a futile illusion. 
  The Japanese authorities must look straight at the trend of 
the times and should not act rashly and thoughtlessly. 

