BFN 

  [Excerpt] Milan Babic, minister for foreign affairs of the 
republic of Serb Krajina [RSK], told a TANJUG correspondent in 
Knin today that the government delegation of the RSK would not 
set any preconditions for the next round of talks on 
humanitarian and economic issues with a delegation of the 
Republic of Croatia. 
  Krajina's demand -- for the negotiating process to continue 
in Geneva on 18 May at the headquarters of the Conference on the 
Former Yugoslavia -- comes as a result of Croatia's refusal to 
hold negotiations in "the buffer zone" in Turanj near Karlovac, 
Babic explained. Our insistence on holding negotiations in 
Turanj would be perceived as a blockade on our part of the 
negotiating process, the RSK foreign minister says. 
  We have opted for further negotiations without attaching any 
conditions as we believe that this is our contribution to peace 
in the area of the former Yugoslavia and that this is the way to 
a final political solution that will recognize the right of 
self-determination to all the people in the area of the former 
Yugoslavia, Babic explained. He, however, stressed the problem 
of equality in the negotiating process because UN Security 
Council Resolution 820, as he said, undermines further 
negotiations. In this context, Babic stressed that ways will be 
examined of lifting the sanctions against the Serbian people, 
that is the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, the Srpska republic, 
and the republic of Serb Krajina. [passage omitted] 

