BFN 

  [Excerpt] [passage omitted] According to government 
instructions, several ministries must ensure preparations for 
the scrapping of the nuclear reactors located at the Russian 
Federation's naval training center for nuclear submarine crews 
at Paldiski [near Tallinn], as reported to ETA [Estonian 
Telegraph Agency] by the government press service. 
  The Environment Ministry must ensure that radiation levels 
are constantly monitored, the Economics Ministry must ensure an 
uninterrupted supply of electricity for the removal of nuclear 
fuel and radioactive materials, the Interior Ministry must, 
according to the government instructions, ensure security on 
site and necessary resources in case of fire and for the 
evacuation of the population in case of a threat of radiation. 
The Social Affairs Ministry will be responsible for medical 
assistance and the Ministry for Roads and Communications for the 
safe and unimpeded rail passage for the containers carrying 
nuclear fuel. The Foreign Ministry must draft a basic agreement 
on the work on scrapping of the nuclear reactors and related 
issues. The Interior Ministry will be coordinating these tasks; 
it must draw up a general plan for the removal of nuclear fuel 
from the nuclear reactors by 28 March. By today [25 March], all 
the above ministries must present their recommendations to the 
Interior Ministry on the expenses budget on the scrapping of the 
nuclear reactors. 

