BFN 

  [Text] Tehran, May 16, IRNA -- The daily KAYHAN 
INTERNATIONAL here Monday [16 May] wrote that ever since the 
establishment of the Islamic republic in Iran, there has been a 
great emphasis on the importance and the desirability of ties 
with Third World countries specially Africa. 
  Referring to volume of Iran's exports to Africa in 1992, the 
editorial noted that Tehran broke off diplomatic ties with 
Pretoria in the wake of the 1979 Islamic revolution in Iran. 
  Following the normalization of ties with post-apartheid 
South 
Africa, the drive to re-establish trade relations with that 
country has gained momentum, the paper remarked. 
  Commenting on the recent trip of Iranian Oil Ministry 
delegation to South Africa, the daily said that while Iran has 
always put an emphasis on trade ties with Africa, South Africa 
can provide a good platform both in terms of trade with it and 
with other African countries. 
  In view of its great human and material resources, it looks 
like South Africa would be the most promising of all African 
countries to establish trade ties with, the article noted adding 
that the first step in this regard can be the resumption of oil 
exports to that country. 
  However, in addition to being a good oil market for Iran, 
South Africa can also provide a promising market for Iran's 
non-oil export products because of their competitive prices, it 
added. 
  In view of its advancement in industry and technology, South 
Africa has also what it takes to meet some of Iran's needs in 
these areas, the editorial concluded. 

