BFN 

  [Text] Leaders of political organizations opposed to Johar 
Dudayev, president of the separatist Russian Republic of 
Chechnya, are due to meet in Moscow on Monday, a source in 
Chechnya opposition headquarters told INTERFAX, but he declined 
to name any of the subjects to be discussed at the meeting. 
  Meanwhile, the leader of Chechnya's Marsho (Freedom) 
opposition party, Abdulla Bugayev, complained that some Russian 
leaders were trying "to reach a compromise with the Dudayev 
regime in disregard of the interests of the Chechen people and 
the entire multinational population of the Republic." 
  "Only somebody who is not a serious politician can speak 
about the recognition of the legitimacy of the bloody regime in 
[the Chechnya capital] Grozny, which has done everything to 
discredit the idea of the construction of a national sovereign 
state," Bugayev said to INTERFAX on Monday. 
  Criticizing Russian Economics Minister Valeriy Fateyev's 
recent statement that the economic situation in Chechnya is 
under control, Bugayev said anything that had not yet been 
plundered by various clans "is under the control of spontaneous 
forces and not under that of a well-considered policy." 
  "The people of Chechnya are tired both of the tyrannical 
regime of Dudayev and of the inconsistent and uncertain position 
of Moscow... A spontaneous eruption may take place, which may 
have very grave consequences," he said. 
  Bugayev said Chechnya needed free democratic elections. "The 
democratic forces of Chechnya are not going to abandon this 
position, even if the Federation Council of the Russian 
Federation or any other body of authority decides to recognize 
the legitimacy of the regime of Johar Dudayev," he said. 

