BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Seven O'Clock Newscast"] </F>
  [Text] The tense climate engendered by alleged attempts by 
Cali Cartel drug trafficking sources to inject drug money into 
the presidential elections continues today with the appearance 
of more tapes anonymously sent to the media that include 
conversations between the Rodriguez Orejuela brothers and 
journalist Alberto Giraldo. 
  Nevertheless, skepticism is starting to develop in many 
camps 
in regard to the tapes, and there is speculation about the real 
intention behind the mailing of the tapes. 
  Another narcocassette appeared today and included recordings 
of two conversations and a communique pointing to alleged 
conversations between Cali Cartel members and journalist Alberto 
Giraldo. After being analyzed by the authorities, it was 
disclosed that one of the tapes is a copy of tapes made public 
last week. The content of the second tape is still being 
investigated. 
  According to authorities, the tapes, communique, threats, 
and 
rumors of terrorist attacks in the country are being 
disseminated by groups seeking to promote chaos in the country 
for unknown reasons. 
  This afternoon, the government, via the Government Ministry, 
reminded the media of the ban currently in effect barring the 
transmission of communiques or messages originating from 
guerrillas or terrorist groups. The minister stressed that it 
is also prohibited to disseminate through radio or television 
any interviews with members of criminal organizations. 

