BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Home Affairs Minister Hajime Ishii, by </F>
YOMIURI SHIMBUN; place and date not given] 
  [Text] [YOMIURI SHIMBUN] When do you think the council on 
redistricting the House of Representatives electoral districts 
can come up with its recommendation on redistricting? 
  [Ishii] We expect the council to come up with its 
recommendations fairly soon. We hope the redistricting bill 
will be deliberated and acted on at the current session of the 
Diet. But of course, we will never interfere in the council's 
review process. 
  [YOMIURI SHIMBUN] The reality is that there is a growing 
possibility the lower house will be dissolved for a general 
election under the current medium electoral system. 
  [Ishii] The next general election should be conducted under 
the new election system. After all, what is the purpose of the 
political reform we have fought for? 
  [YOMIURI SHIMBUN] What is your view of the reorganization of 
the political world? 
  [Ishii] Under the single-seat district system with 
proportional representation combined, gradually there will be 
development moves toward formation of a two-party system. Once 
that system takes root, it will become necessary to readjust the 
numbers elected from the single-seat system and the proportional 
representation system, raising the number elected from the 
single- seat system. 
  [YOMIURI SHIMBUN] The Hata government appears to be led by 
Shinseito and Komeito. 
  [Ishii] If the Social Democratic Party of Japan decides to 
participate in the coalition, we (Shinseito [Japan Renewal 
Party]) will vacate our (cabinet) posts promptly. 
  [YOMIURI SHIMBUN] What progress are you making on the 
question of instituting "the local consumption tax" which is 
aimed at transferring more power to local governments and at 
enabling local governments to use part of the tax as their own 
financial resources. 
  [Ishii] I would like to see the issue of transferring more 
power to local governments make some progress while I am in 
office. As long as the system of the central government 
collecting taxes and distributing them to local governments 
continues, the existing state of excessive government 
centralization and of the Finance Ministry taking leadership can 
never be corrected. I would like to see local taxes play an 
important role. 
  [YOMIURI SHIMBUN] What do you think about the question of 
instituting a system to enable Japanese residents overseas to 
vote? 
  [Ishii] We cannot let the matter drag on further. A bill 
should be ready in about a year from now. 

