Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Ivan Zasurskiy report under the "Reform" rubric: "Council </F>
of Ministers Meeting Postponed Over Premier's Flu. Ivan Rybkin 
Wants To Set Up Government"] 
  [Text] It became known yesterday that the Council of 
Ministers' enlarged session was postponed from Friday 
tentatively to Thursday, 3 March, due to the premier's illness. 
  On 21 February, Viktor Chernomyrdin was diagnosed as having 
flu with acute inflammation of upper respiratory tracts. Flu of 
this variety is usually over in a week's time; at worst, it can 
take one and a half or two weeks. Chronic pneumonia is among 
possible complications. 
  Apparently not yet aware of Chernomyrdin's serious ailment, 
Ivan Rybkin, opening the Duma plenary session on Wednesday, put 
forward the idea for a national accord government (this is the 
second "encroachment" [nayezd] at Chernomyrdin on the part of 
those willing to form a government -- the first one came from 
Yavlinskiy). 
  Speaking before the discussion on a package of decrees on 
amnesty and the memorandum "On Accord in Society," Ivan Rybkin 
declared: "We are condemned to agreement in order to pull out of 
the all-pervading crisis.... Young energetic economists have 
elaborated a program for bringing Russia's economy out of 
crisis, and it could become a basis for forming a government of 
national accord. That government could have a firm majority in 
the Duma, which would, in the final analysis, lead to the 
stability of executive power." 
  In the given case the "young and energetic economists," the 
guiding lights [vershiteli] of the report "The Guidelines for 
the Forming of Economic Policy," are understood to be Sergey 
Glazyev (Economic Policy Committee head); Yuriy Petrov, 
laboratory head of the Central Economic-Mathematical Institute; 
and Aleksandr Ageyev, head of the MAPO [expansion unknown] 
analytical service. This report is also known as "Glazyev's 
report" and "the economic conference report" (the autumn 
conference -- not to be confused with the summer conference 
report). 

