CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by A.S. Alpeyev, NTTs S&amp;T Center YaRB [expansion </F>
not given] RF [Russian Federation]); received Oct.25,1993; UDC 
621.039.50+621.3.015] 
  [Abstract] The author proposes a new classification of 
subsystems of a system for automated control of technological 
processes in an AES power unit. The classification singles out 
the human operator as the main component that coordinates local 
goals control of power unit equipment, participates in control 
implementation and is responsible for safe operation of the AES. 
It is well known that the structure of any automatic control 
function consists of four components:information, situation 
identification, control decision making and implementation of 
the control decision. The classification for an operator support 
system will include four classes of systems: information 
support, situation assessment support, control decision making 
support and support of control decision implementation. The 
goals of each of the above classes of an operator support system 
are listed and explained. There are several serious problems 
with practical implementation of these goals by operator support 
systems. The most important problem is software certification. 
Among other problems are the impossibility in principle to 
simulate all failures of automation devices and a legal problem 
the responsibility for recommendations of the operator support 
system. A less serious problem is organization of personnel 
training interactively with support systems. 

