BFN 

  [Text] Kadena -- On 13 April, U.S. military aircraft 
frequently took off from Kadena Air Base where military training 
was conducted for ORI (operational readiness inspection). Kadena 
Town was invariably beset by a deafening noise caused by the 
U.S. military aircraft in the early morning. Early that morning, 
the Base Affairs Division of Kadena Town began measuring the 
noise at a spot which was the nearest to the air base's runway. 
Town residents complained, "U.S. military planes are taking off 
from the air base in the early morning, and we are bothered by 
their noise. We cannot permit the what U.S. Forces are doing." 
  The noise caused by engines of the U.S. military aircraft 
reverberated from early morning 13 April. A noise measuring 
instrument set atop the Kadena Town building showed that more 
than 70 decibels was heard 33 times from 0124 to 0919 the 
morning of 13 April. The noise measuring instrument recorded 87 
decibels at 0143 in the middle of midnight. The instrument also 
recorded 99 decibels at 0713 and 96 decibels at 0748, each when 
one F-15 Eagle fighter after another took off from the air base. 
  The Base Affairs Division quickly responded to the deafening 
noise by letting an official equipped with a portable 
noise-measuring instrument gauge the noise in Yara, Kadena Town, 
which is nearest to the air base's runway. 
  A man, 49, who resides in Yara, said angrily: "U.S. military 
planes use a runway near our residential areas to take off, 
causing a deafening noise in our residential areas. We cannot 
tolerate this." 

