BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by New York correspondent Yavuz Bayder] </F>
  [Text] Foreign Ministry Under Secretary Ozdem Sanberk 
concluded his Paris-Washington-New York chain of contacts, which 
were aimed at rescuing the Iraqi oil pipeline, with meetings he 
held in the United Nations yesterday. 
  In a news conference he held for Turkish and foreign 
reporters prior to his departure for Ankara, Sanberk stated that 
his contacts were constructive and that a common view was 
reached in connection with the oil pipeline with the five 
permanent member countries of the UN Security Council. 
  Using a very reserved language when discussing the outcome 
of 
his contacts in the United Nations, Sanberk said that, for now, 
he will not be able to give a detailed account of the accord 
reached with the five permanent member countries of the United 
Nations. Sanberk added: The preliminary accord focuses on a 
draft resolution which will enable a technical exemption in 
connection with the oil pipeline repairs. The applicability of 
the draft resolution within the framework of the embargo imposed 
on Iraq was emphasized during the discussions, Sanberk indicated. 
  Pointing to the importance of the resolution being in line 
with the United Nations decisionmaking mechanism, Sanberk 
stressed that he expects the draft resolution to be presented to 
the UN Security Council in a couple of weeks. 
  Sanberk indicated an additional meeting with the Baghdad 
administration will be necessary following these chain of 
meetings. 

