Article   Type:BFN 

  [Editorial Report] The following is a compilation of 
reports on Honduran economic developments monitored through 12 
January. Source is cited in parentheses following each item. 
  A Central Bank of Honduras news release indicates that 
inflation, measured through the Consumer Price General Index, 
reached 0.6 percent during December 1993. The release also 
indicates the economic sectors which experienced the highest 
increases were housing, 1.1 percent; food, 0.7 percent; personal 
care, 0.6 percent; and clothing and health care, 0.4 percent. 
Meanwhile, the Transportation sector decreased 1.6 percent. 
  Marginal inflation for the December 1992-December 1993 
period 
reached 13 percent, which is double the previous period. Average 
inflation, meanwhile, increased by 10.7 percent, which is higher 
than the 8.8 percent reached in 1992. (San Pedro Sula LA PRENSA 
in Spanish 3 Jan 94 p 5) 
  Hugo Noe Pino, Central Bank of Honduras president-elect, has 
said the Honduran fiscal deficit is above 6 percent. He also 
said Rafael Callejas' administration could not reduce the 
deficit to the promised 3.8 percent. He added there is a $500 
million trade deficit. President-elect Carlos Reina has promised 
to reduce the fiscal deficit to less than 3 percent. Meanwhile, 
official sources indicate the fiscal deficit reached 5.9 
percent. Rene Ardon Matute, finance and public credit minister, 
said foreign debt estimates amount to $3 billion. (Panama City 
ACAN in Spanish 1520 GMT 4 Jan 94) 
  Economy Minister Carlos Chain has announced the fuel market 
was deregulated on 8 January. The business sector received the 
announcement with satisfaction, while consumers received it with 
concern. Chain said: "We are the first Central American country 
to deregulate fuel prices." He added that the government expects 
fuel companies to compete and offer consumers better prices 
instead of colluding to organize a monopoly. Honduras spends 
$190 million on fuel annually and depends entirely on imports to 
meet local demands. (Panama City ACAN in Spanish 1728 GMT 6 Jan 
94) 
  Official sources reported that in 1993 Honduran monetary 
reserves dropped to $9 million, which is a 64-percent decrease 
from 1992. This figure adds to the already bad economic 
indicators. The 1993 fiscal deficit closed at almost 7 percent, 
and the balance of payments showed a $500 million deficit. 
(Panama City ACAN in Spanish 1737 GMT 8 Jan 94) 

