BFN 

<F P=106> [Commentary by (Krichevskiy) from the "Focus on Asia" </F>
program] 
  [Text] The DPRK has withdrawn from the International 
Atomic Energy Agency [IAEA]. Sanctions against the DPRK are 
being prepared. How to settle this problem peacefully is still 
the focus of international attention. 
  Regarding this, station commentator (Krichevskiy) writes: 
  "To be or not to be, that is the question." The statement 
Prince Hamlet asked himself in the famous tragedy written by 
William Shakespeare is well suited to the current Korean issue. 
That is, the question is to impose sanctions or not to impose 
sanctions. 
  The United States and some other countries are in a hurry. 
They have already drafted a resolution on phased sanctions. 
The draft is going to be discussed by the UN Security Council. 
It expects a gradual retrenchment of relations with the DPRK 
[chosongwaui yongyerul tangyebyollo chuksohal kosul naedabogo 
issumnida] in various fields, such as embargo of weapon exports 
and suspension of all financial business with Pyongyang. This 
may result in a blockade [i modun kosun pongswaerul choraehal su 
issumnida]. 
  Russia expressed regrets over the DPRK withdrawal from the 
IAEA. Russia is invariably insisting that the Nuclear 
Nonproliferation Treaty [NPT] must be strengthened. Moscow has 
proposed an international conference of representatives from 
Russia, the United States, China, the IAEA, and the United 
Nations. 
  Regarding sanctions, Russia views that the so-called 
sanctions should be imposed as the last resort [choehu sudan] 
under the prevailing situation. Russian Foreign Minister Andrey 
Kozyrev said on 15 June that imposing sanctions on the DPRK 
would make the situation develop into extremely unfavorable 
conditions [sabyonui kukhi pullihan palchon], such as the DPRK's 
complete withdrawal from the NPT. 
  China assessed the DPRK withdrawal from the IAEA as an 
extremely unfavorable turning point [satae palchonui kukhi 
pullihan chonhwanuro pyongga] and appealed to the United States 
to maintain tranquility [pyongon]. 
  In light of the Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman's recent 
statement, Beijing is resolutely opposing sanctions and still 
expects the resumption of peace dialogue between the DPRK and 
the United States. Regarding this, however, China does not 
mention any specific grounds for the possibility of resuming 
dialogue between them. Observers pay attention to Beijing's 
stern denial of the report that it will render military 
assistance to Pyongyang. 

