Article   Type:BFN 

  [Editorial Report] Tel Aviv YEDI'OT AHARONOT in Hebrew on 
28 February, in a report by Shraga Eshel on page 25, writes that 
"3 kg of heroin worth tens of thousands of dollars was seized 
yesterday in the possession of three young people" from Ramla 
and Lod. They were captured in a wood in western Galilee. The 
court remanded them for 15 days. 
  Tel Aviv DAVAR in Hebrew on 6 March, in a page 4 report by 
ITIM, states that "34-year-old Ziyad Hayb from the village of 
Tuba, who serves as an Army scout in south Lebanon, is suspected 
of selling about 2 kg of heroin together with 33-year-old Talal 
Rabi'a last Sunday. The 'Akko Magistrate's Court extended their 
remand by 10 days." 
  Tel aviv 'AL HAMISHMAR in Hebrew on 10 March, in a page 5 
report by ITIM, states that "37-year-old Ruman al-Hasan 
al-'Alam, a shepherd from the south Lebanese village of Rumaysh, 
was yesterday sentenced to 12 years in prison by the Haifa 
District Court after being convicted of hurling 3 kg of heroin 
over the border fence from Lebanon into Israeli territory." 
  Jerusalem Qol Yisra'el in Hebrew at 2000 GMT on 10 March 
reports that "the Tel Aviv District Court sentenced Petah Tiqva 
resident Hananya Ohana to 20 years imprisonment. He was 
convicted of smuggling 10.5 kg of heroin inside two cars he 
brought into Israel. Our correspondent 'Anat Peleg reports that 
this is the heaviest sentence ever handed down by an Israeli 
court for drug dealing." 

