Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Khartoum, 27 March (PANA) -- The Sudanese Government 
intends to expel an American relief organization, Area 
Development Agency (ADRA), which it accused of importing and 
distributing relief stuffs contaminated with bacteria. Quoting 
unnamed sources Saturday [26 March],the government owned 
newspaper AL-INQADH AL-WATANI alleged that ADRA had imported 
food contaminated with bacteria in mid 1993 for distribution in 
camps for southern Sudanese populations displaced by the civil 
war and drought. The paper said the organisation would be 
dismissed from Sudan in two days after the decision has been 
published by the attorney general. 
  The paper quoted the Sudanese commissioner for relief 'Abd 
al-Rahman Abu Dawm, as saying the behaviour of ADRA was 
contradictory with its duty as a humanitarian organization and 
breached the international laws and norms of human rights. He 
said ADRA had imported a mixtutre of food stuffs contaminated 
with bacteria with the intention of distributing it to the 
needy. "When concerned authorities refused the mixture the 
agency claimed that the shipment could be used as animal 
fodder," said Abu Dawm. 
  ADRA is one of the biggest reief organizations active in the 
Sudan. With offices in nearly all parts of western and southern 
Sudan with a wide number of staffers both local and foreign. 

