Language: <F P=105> Portuguese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Brasilia -- Negotiations behind the scenes for an 
alliance between the PSDB [Brazilian Social Democracy Party] and 
the PFL [Liberal Front Party] -- over the presidential candidacy 
of Finance Minister Fernando Henrique Cardoso -- have given rise 
to an irritating controversy within the PSDB bloc in the Senate. 
"The PSDB is currently the beautiful girl within Brazilian 
politics, but it should carefully choose its boyfriend in order 
to avoid becoming corrupt," PSDB Senator for Bahia Jutahy 
Magalhaes warned in an inflamed speech in which he advocated an 
alliance with the progressive forces. 
  Magalhaes -- the father of former Welfare Minister Jutahy 
Jr., a candidate for the governorship of Bahia, and an adversary 
of Governor Antonio Carlos Magalhaes -- was interrupted by PSDB 
Senator for Ceara Beni Veras, who today will be installed in his 
post at the Planning Ministry. "Making an alliance with the PT 
[Workers Party] is impossible; we can only express our support. 
The PT is a party that has fought generously for the social 
welfare of the people, but it clearly has no democratic 
commitments," Beni Veras claimed. 
  Magalhaes criticized the remarks by PSDB President Tasso 
Jereissati, who advocated an alliance with the PFL. "Tasso is 
not familiar with Brazilian politics. We cannot make a general 
jelly government, much less an electoral alliance to obtain two 
more minutes of free television propaganda time," he said, 
adding that "this is not the PSDB's path. Perhaps I should not 
mention this at this moment, but I am not a skilled politician 
and I do not like skilled politicians." Beni rebutted Tasso's 
criticism by saying that he only recalled that there are other 
forces in the political spectrum that should be considered at 
the time of defining the PSDB policy of alliances. "It is a 
constructive effort," Beni said. 

