BFN 

<F P=106> ["bue" report: "Bonn's Wishes for European Agricultural </F>
Policy"] 
  [Text] Brussels, 17 Jun -- The Federal Government intends 
to use its presidency in the European Union [EU] Agriculture 
Ministers' Council during the second half of 1994 to simplify 
European agricultural policy and to create larger regional 
leeway for the implementation of the agricultural reform. This 
is the precondition for greater acceptance by farmers and 
administrations, a memorandum presented by FRG Agricultural 
Minister Jochen Borchert in Brussels says. In addition, it is 
difficult to make the detailed provisions for implementation 
compatible with the principles of subsidiarity and 
reasonableness. The memorandum adds to the German 
recommendations of April 1993, some of which have already been 
taken up by the Council of Ministers. Borchert stresses that he 
is not striving for a "reform of the reform." 
  In addition to technical and administrative simplification, 
his 10-point list includes, however, also various changes of 
substance. Thus, Bonn is advocating the abolition of the 
limitation of premiums for feeder cattle to the first 90 animals 
of an enterprise. The premium, which has been paid in two 
installments so far, is to be paid as a one-time lump sum in the 
future and is to be raised accordingly. In addition, the quotas 
for individual companies regarding the premiums for breeding 
suckling cows and sheep should be replaced with regional upper 
limits. Bonn's initiative promises success only if the European 
Commission adopts the German ideas and presents corresponding 
proposals for changes to the Council of Ministers. However, the 
Commission is skeptical about Germany's wishes, because it fears 
a renewed expansion of production and greater problems with 
checking the figures for subsidies. 

