BFN 

<F P=106> [By unidentified ITAR-TASS correspondent] </F>
  [Text] Moscow June 27 TASS -- Russian President Boris 
Yeltsin urged to ensure full safety at nuclear power plants and 
develop ecologically pure reactors and technologies, while the 
Russian patriarch added that nuclear research does not 
contradict the will of God. 
  "Further development of atomic power-engineering is possible 
only under condition of full nuclear and radioactive safety, as 
well as reliable guarantees of ecologically-pure reactors," 
Yeltsin said on Monday in his message to the workers of the 
industry in connection with the 40th anniversary of the first 
Soviet nuclear power plant in Obninsk. 
  Congratulating the workers on the occasion Yeltsin said that 
atomic power engineering has achieved "impressing successes" 
over the years. "However, mankind has more than once seen how 
dear is the price of mistakes in the complicated industry, what 
tragic consequences can they pose for millions of people," 
Yeltsin said. He added that top-level skills of responsibility 
of the personnel of the plants is a major safety condition. 
  The worst nuclear disaster occurred in 1986 in Chernobyl in 
Ukraine when the fourth reactor of the plant there exploded 
causing powerful contamination of considerable territories in 
Ukraine, Byelorussia [Belarus] and Russia. 
  Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin also congratulated atomic 
energy workers saying "it is necessary to assess the role of the 
atomic power-engineering in the Russian development as a stable 
source of energy." 
  Patriarch of Moscow and all Russia Aleksiy the Second 
stressed in his congratulatory message that "comprehending great 
possibilities which the nature possesses and which can serve for 
the benefit of man corresponds to the will of God." 

