Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Lucius Walker, head of the Pastors for Peace </F>
Movement, and Raul Suarez, president of the Martin Luther King, 
Jr., Memorial Center, by Roberto Cavada, Carlos Sanabria 
Marrero, and other Radio Rebelde reporters on the "Doing Radio" 
program on 18 March -- live, with passage by passage translation 
from English into Spanish and from Spanish into English by 
single translator; Walker transcribed from the English] 
  [Excerpt] [passage omitted] [Sanabria] I wanted to know if 
we can expect another visit by you to Santiago de Cuba during 
the fourth caravan in November. 
  [Walker] [Esteban] Lazo was very clear that he had already 
made a democratic decision. He told the journalists to go away, 
and he said to Claridad [not further identified] and to Raul 
Suarez that he wanted to share something with them in a very 
democratic way, and then he said: The next caravan is going to 
Santiago de Cuba [in a loud voice and pounding on the desk]. 
[chuckles] Well, I think if you have ever seen and listened to 
Lazo, you will understand that no one disagrees with Lazo. So I 
think we must go back to Santiago. Besides, I have a key to the 
hotel. 
  [Sanabria] I am sure it would be good news for the people of 
Santiago de Cuba if the ship with the next donation would dock 
at the port of Santiago de Cuba as comrade Lazo has requested. 
What do you think? 
  [Walker] Well I think Raul Suarez is here. We should put him 
on the spot and let him answer that question. 
  [Suarez] Well, according to Lazo that is also possible. On 
our side, I do not think there would be any problems with that. 
Santiago de Cuba is a city that really deserves it. The people 
would get together to welcome the boat and to turn this event in 
a beautiful exhibition of the patriotic fervor which is typical 
of the people in Santiago de Cuba. 
  [Sanabria] I wanted to tell Reverend Suarez and Reverend 
Walker that I as well as the rest of the people in Santiago de 
Cuba am very enthusiastic about the news. I believe all the 
people in Santiago are hearing about this and feel very 
emotional that the fourth caravan of friendship by the Pastors 
for Peace will dock in Santiago de Cuba. 
  [Cavada] We want to thank our reporters Carlos Sanabria 
Marrero and Zenaida Costales. I just want to know when the 
pastors are leaving and when you return to the United States? 
  [Walker] On Saturday. 
  [Cavada] Do you have any scheduled meetings with Cuban 
President Fidel Castro? 
  [Walker] We have nothing scheduled, but we always have love 
for Fidel Castro in our hearts, and we know how terribly busy he 
must be. We will look forward to seeing him in November. 
[passage omitted] 

