BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Andrey Kozyrev, minister of foreign affairs, </F>
by Leonid Mlechin; place and date not given: "The North Korean 
Lobby in the Duma Is Acting Against Russia's Interests, Russian 
Foreign Minister Andrey Kozyrev, Who Granted an Interview to 
IZVESTIYA Correspondent Leonid Mlechin, Believes"] 
  [Text] [Mlechin] Does North Korea really represent a 
serious danger, and could it become a second Iraq, against which 
the United Nations had to wage war? 
  [Kozyrev] I do not believe that North Korea already 
possesses a nuclear bomb or will create one tomorrow. Experts 
reckon that this would take Pyongyang between three and seven 
years. 
  [Mlechin] Do other Russian departments, which also take an 
interest in international affairs and security problems, hold 
the same view? 
  [Kozyrev] I rely on all information coming into Moscow, and 
not just the information which the Ministry of Foreign Affairs 
possesses. 
  [Mlechin] Do military and political intelligence familiarize 
you with all the information that they possess? 
  [Kozyrev] I believe that they familiarize only the president 
with all the information. We, incidentally, do just the same 
thing. But we have now arranged a normal mutual exchange. 
  [Mlechin] Is President Yeltsin dealing with the Korean 
crisis, or is this a third-rate problem for him? 
  [Kozyrev] The president himself had talks with South Korean 
President Kim Yong-sam. Then he spoke with him by telephone. 
He has also spoken with President Clinton. Boris Yeltsin 
approved our proposals, conveyed to the Americans, down to the 
last comma. Much presidential time has already been spent on 
this crisis. 
  [Mlechin] Does the Russian leadership hold a unanimous 
viewpoint on the policy toward the DPRK, or do disagreements 
exist? 
  [Kozyrev] A unanimous viewpoint. 
  [Mlechin] Is it possible to speak of the existence of a 
pro-North Korean lobby in Moscow? 
  [Kozyrev] It exists in the Duma. They are ultranationalists 
and a certain section of the Communists and Agrarians. I have 
been struck for the umpteenth time by the perverted nature of 
their ideas of patriotism. Maybe these people proceed from the 
premise that the North Korean regime is so good that the bomb 
would only be good for it -- one bomb more in the socialist 
camp, after all.... But it is striking that ideological 
sympathies can make people forget the interests of their own 
country. Do they really not understand that, after North Korea, 
nuclear weapons would be acquired by regimes which are certainly 
not socialist and which would threaten our country too? 
  [Mlechin] If Kim Il-song does not have the bomb, why is the 
world so alarmed? 
  [Kozyrev] The chief danger is that the DPRK wants to pull 
out of the Treaty on the Nonproliferation of Nuclear Weapons. 
The nonproliferation setup has hitherto been considered 
unshakable. 
  [Mlechin] How does this threaten Russia's interests? 
  [Kozyrev] First, the Korean Peninsula is, if you like, the 
near abroad for Russia. 
  Second, if even one country refuses to observe the 
nonproliferation regime and gets away with it, then a chain 
reaction can be expected. Some states are lying in wait, 
waiting for their turn to come. Unfortunately, they are strung 
out along the perimeter of Russia's borders or, at any rate, the 
borders of the CIS. A nuclear belt could be formed along 
Russia's southern borders by the end of this millennium. 
  [Mlechin] What is your attitude to the prospect of 
sanctions? 
  [Kozyrev] If the DPRK is stubborn and inflexible, if it 
refuses to cooperate with the International Atomic Energy 
Agency, and if it withdraws from the Nonproliferation Treaty, 
then sanctions are inevitable. We advocate their phased 
introduction. We should start with a selection of "soft" 
sanctions. Then, if these prove ineffective, we should move up 
to tough sanctions. At the same time, we need to draw up a list 
of sanctions and to prepare for the international conference 
proposed by us on the problems of the Korean Peninsula. 
  [Mlechin] What is the purpose of the conference? 
  [Kozyrev] The DPRK uses various political reasons to justify 
its actions. Of course, the nonproliferation regime makes no 
exceptions -- the domestic or foreign problems of a state 
hankering after nuclear weapons are not an issue. There are no 
circumstances that would justify the acquisition of nuclear 
weapons. 
  But the DPRK is experiencing some real political 
difficulties. And the United States, which is the main butt of 
Pyongyang's criticism, acknowledges this. So it has entered 
into talks with the North Koreans. It is an entirely pragmatic 
and versatile approach. 
  [Mlechin] How soon can sanctions be imposed? 
  [Kozyrev] It will take around a month's work for the experts 
to prepare the package of sanctions. There is no hurry. The 
sanctions must be mild at the initial stage not only for the 
DPRK, but also for those imposing them. Preventive sanctions 
must represent as small as burden as possible for Russia. 
  [Mlechin] When will your meeting with the U.S. secretary of 
state take place? 
  [Kozyrev] On 13 June President Yeltsin and President Clinton 
instructed me and Secretary of State Warren Christopher to meet 
as quickly as possible and agree on all this. We were in touch 
on the telephone the same day. I had the idea of meeting in 
Brussels in the next few days and, at the same time, finally 
signing there the "Partnership for Peace" program and launching 
the "Russia-NATO" program. We would be able to finalize the 
document in a couple of nights. But the secretary of state said 
that he had a very busy schedule, so the meeting was postponed 
until next week. In the meantime we agreed to give the job to 
the Russian and U.S. representatives in New York. But there too 
there was an unexpected problem. 
  We passed our proposals to the Americans on 15 June in a 
confidential form, since we had agreed to exchange proposals 
without making them public, to promulgate only the general 
position. The next day we suddenly discovered that the 
Americans had already distributed their own draft resolution 
among the permanent members of the Security Council together 
with a list of proposed sanctions that no one had discussed. 
  And it was done in such a way that I was informed of the 
appearance of this draft by our representative in New York, 
Yuliy Vorontsov, two hours after it was reported by CNN. When 
Christopher called me and said he was prepared to meet on 21-22 
June... 
  [Mlechin] In Brussels? 
  [Kozyrev] Yes, he accepted that idea... I expressed 
bewilderment over the strange way in which the U.S. mission at 
the United Nations operates and said that we find it hard even 
to take this document seriously, because we had agreed on 
something else. It is a further example of the hiccups that can 
occur in relations with the Americans, when top-level accords 
are undermined by stupid actions. 
  [Mlechin] North Korea wants to deal with the Americans. 
Russia appears to be impeding the Americans. And the proposal 
to hold a conference is something no one particularly wants. So 
Russia would seem to be on the sidelines... 
  [Kozyrev] I am actually pleased we are not directly involved 
in this squabble. Part of our society has an inferiority 
complex: It thinks we should be first everywhere and in all 
things. First in ballet, in space, in trade. But not in 
international scandals. Better to stand aside and say nothing. 
Our role is to secure the adoption of a sensible resolution in 
the UN Security Council. 
  [Mlechin] Isn't the talk of sanctions rather abstract -- 
since China would veto such a proposal? 
  [Kozyrev] Absolutely right. Therefore submitting a draft 
resolution with a specific list of sanctions means running into 
a categorical "no" from China. So our conference proposal is 
more pragmatic. We should not present one another with a fait 
accompli, we must work together, and that includes working with 
China. 
  [Mlechin] Can one seriously expect sanctions to influence 
Kim Il-song and his son? 
  [Kozyrev] Ultimately the sanctions will bite. 
  [Kozyrev] In the case of Iraq, the international community 
still had to resort to military action. 
  [Kozyrev] For the DPRK to develop a bomb it must mobilize 
its entire potential, but sanctions will damage its economy. 
Anyway, what choice does the international community have left? 
Either it does nothing at all, or its responds in some way. Of 
course, sanctions are not an ideal response, but an extreme 
measure. But what is the ideal response? Military intervention? 
  [Mlechin] If the sanctions do not work, will the world 
settle sooner or later on the need to stop nuclear weapon 
development in North Korea by military means? 
  [Kozyrev] It is too early to discuss this. I repeat once 
again: An international conference is a realistic proposal, not 
fantasy. 
  [Mlechin] There are rumors that Boris Yeltsin is prepared to 
meet with Kim Il-song. Are there any grounds for these rumors? 
  [Kozyrev] I know nothing of this. 
  [Mlechin] At what level are you conducting a dialogue with 
North Korea? 
  [Kozyrev] We have an embassy in Pyongyang. There is a North 
Korean embassy here. 
  [Mlechin] Are Russian diplomats in Pyongyang in contact with 
sufficiently senior officials? 
  [Kozyrev] We have normal contacts. 

