BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by ITAR-TASS correspsondent Yefim Shvartsman] </F>
  [Text] Odessa 11 April, TASS -- The Ukrainian defence 
minister issued an order to reorganise the beleaguered 318th 
Division of the Black Sea Fleet into a unit of the Ukrainian 
Navy. 
  The move followed the incident that involved a Black Sea 
Fleet research ship, Cheleken, which on the night of 9 April 
sailed to Sevastopol with the division's Mars radar system 
aboard in spite of the prohibitions issued by the Odessa navy 
authorities. 
  The ship refused to produce transportation documents. 
Vyacheslav Voronkov, head of the press centre of the Odessa 
Military District, said the Ukrainian side is likely to 
institute legal proceedings. Three division senior officers -- 
Division Commander Oleg Feoktistov, Chief of Staff Aleksandr 
Zelenko and Logistics Officer Dmitriy Starikov -- were taken to 
the Odessa military prosecutor on the night of 11 April, but 
were released after questioning. Voronkov failed to explain why 
they were summoned to the prosecutor's office at night and could 
not say where they are now since none of them could be reached 
either at home or at work. 
  The division's personnel were offered to take the Ukrainian 
military oath of allegiance on Monday morning or quit army 
service. So far about 50 officers have agreed to switch sides. 
The press centre of the Odessa Military District said that 
about 75-80 per cent of the division's officers and warrant 
officers are ready to take the Ukrainian oath of allegiance. 
  The Ukrainian Defence Ministry called on the Russian foreign 
and defence ministries to send representatives to Ukraine to 
settle the conflict, Ukrainian television said. 

