Language: <F P=105> Portuguese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Lima -- The Peruvian Defense Ministry yesterday 
reported that Brazilian citizen Alcimar Marques da Silva and 
nine other individuals were arrested on 26 March in the town of 
Inapari, Peru, near the confluence of the Peruvian, Bolivian, 
and Brazilian borders. Soon after his arrest, the police found 
600 kg of cocaine base at the local airport. 
  Besides Alcimar, the group included two Colombians and seven 
Peruvians. They were intercepted by a Peruvian military patrol 
that was carrying out an operation against narcoterrorists, and 
could not give a reason for their presence in the area. Under 
questioning, the men ended up confessing where the cocaine base 
shipment was hidden, ready for embarkment. The same group was 
also discovered on 21 March, but were released as they had not 
been found to be in possession of anything. The 10 men arrested 
in Inapari were transferred by Peruvian military police to the 
city of Cusco, 1,150 km from La Paz. 
  The Peruvian military attribute to this 10-member gang a 
shipment of 400 kg of cocaine base on 18 March to the Colombian 
cartel of Cali. The military reported that in the past two 
years coca plantations have increased in the area, as have poppy 
plantations. 
  The Brazilian Federal Police and the Foreign Ministry did 
not 
learn of the arrest of the Brazilian drug trafficker until late 
27 March. 

