BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Evening Information Review" newscast] </F>
  [Text] OAS Secretary General Joao Baena Soares called for 
Cuba's full reinstatement to the OAS during a speech he 
delivered at the inaugural session of the 24th OAS Assembly, 
which began today and concludes Friday in Belem, Brazil. 
  The nineties are not the sixties, Baena Soares said in 
reference to Cuba's suspension from the OAS in 1962, when the 
East-West conflict was raging. He also recalled the efforts he 
made a long time ago in favor of having the measure reexamined. 
  After serving two consecutive mandates for a total of 10 
years as the regional organization's general secretary, Baena 
Soares stressed that during his tenure, peace was restored in 
the Americas, and yet, at the same time, there was growing 
dissatisfaction over persistent difficulties and increasing 
poverty. 
  Baena Soares also spoke of his failed efforts to restore 
Haiti's constitutional President Jean-Bertrand Aristide to 
power, but he admitted the organization had not exhausted every 
peaceful means to try to force the aggressors against democracy 
and against the Haitian people to give up power. The outgoing 
OAS secretary general expressed his resolve to continue 
supporting efforts to achieve a peaceful resolution of the 
Haitian crisis. 
  Meanwhile, Itamar Franco, president of the host country 
Brazil, addressed the foreign ministers and representatives of 
the OAS' 34 member-countries. He praised Baena Soares' efforts 
and predicted that new Secretary General Cesar Gaviria will also 
derive positive results from equally hard work. 

