BFN 

  [Text] General Mario Rene Enriquez Morales, the national 
defense minister, announced yesterday that the Guatemalan Army 
has accepted the creation of a Truth Commission. Once 
installed, it must investigate the military institution and all 
those sectors that have collaborated with the guerrillas since 
1960. Several civilian and social organizations have requested 
that the creation of this commission be approved during the 
negotiation process ever since talks between the Government 
Peace Commission and the Guatemalan National Revolutionary Unity 
(URNG) began in January. 
  However, before leaving his office at the National Palace, 
the minister said: "In order for this all to be fair and just, 
the commission, if approved, must specifically investigate those 
who have collaborated with the URNG and have remained anonymous 
for over 33 years." He gave no names when asked who he thought 
were collaborators, but listed, for example, students, 
professionals, nongovernmental organizations, and countries 
which have aided the subversives financially and intellectually. 
  He reaffirmed that the Army's true position has not changed 
inasmuch as it does not want to see any further polarization of 
the community. Enriquez stressed that he does not mind the 
commission being installed, as long as there are equal 
conditions for all parties. 
  Although the Information and Press Department of the Army 
remained totally quiet on whether they accept the Truth 
Commission or not, civilian groups insist that it is necessary 
for the country. They expressed their support for statements by 
Gen. Enriquez when he said that he did not want to see further 
polarization. 

