Language: <F P=105>Cambodian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["Appeal by Samdech Krompreah Norodom Ranariddh, first prime </F>
minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia, to officers and soldiers of 
the Democratic Kampuchea faction -- recorded] 
  [Excerpts] (?Last week), after the Khmer Royal Armed 
Forces [KRAF] seized full control of important positions of the 
Khmer Rouge [KR] faction in Siem Reap, Oddar Meanchey, Preah 
Vihear, Kompong Thom, Banteay Meanchey, and especially at Anlung 
Veng, I, Samdech Krompreah Norodom Ranariddh, first prime 
minister, and Samdech Hun Sen, second prime minister of the 
Royal Government of the Kingdom of Cambodia and co-commanders in 
chief of the KRAF, made an appeal to the fraternal officers and 
soldiers of the KR faction to quickly return to the national 
community to end the misery of the Cambodian people and your 
families. [passage omitted] 
  Time and again, the RGC represented by myself personally met 
and sent successive letters to KR leaders to discuss and jointly 
settle problems through a peaceful means. The RGC's activities 
carried out on the basis of national reconciliation, in 
political and legal terms, show that it has placed itself very 
lowly. The only thing the RGC wants in lowering itself this 
much is to end the conflict through peaceful means to bring our 
country toward full peace and national reconciliation. 
  These activities attest more clearly that the RGC is not a 
war- advocate and definitely not a warmonger. On the contrary, 
the RGC is a pacifist. But the KR ringleaders [words 
indistinct]. They have used the negotiation label to destroy 
negotiations and hinder the peace process. They have used 
negotiations to prolong the war and maintain their forces in 
fighting form while negotiating. They have demanded becoming 
advisers and members of the RGC but refused to recognize the RGC 
that they want to join. [passage omitted] 
  With repeated appeals to the brothers who are holding arms 
or 
[words indistinct] from the KR ringleaders, we would like to 
call on all of you to hurry back to your motherland, homeland, 
and families to be in time for our nation's traditional new 
year. Do not hesitate any longer. Whether you were routed from 
Anlung Veng and various other battlefields or are staying at any 
other bases [words indistinct] which will also face the same 
fate as Anlung Veng, there is no better way for you than to 
return to your families who are looking forward to seeing you 
and to the national community which has always been ready to 
pardon you. 
  The desire of our people as well as of our RGC -- the sole 
legitimate representative of our Cambodian land which is 
indivisible -- is nothing but unity, happiness, peace, and 
family reunion and to build a livelihood and national economy 
and to jointly defend the country under the very cool shade of 
the king who is most respected and loved by all of us. We do 
not, in the least, want our fellow Cambodians to continue 
shedding blood and the Cambodian families to further break up 
and suffer. [passage omitted] 
  You must be aware also that lawfulness [word indistinct] and 
peaceful life can exist only inside the Kingdom of Cambodia 
under the august king, His Majesty Norodom Sihanouk Varaman, 
reigning the (?people) and national reconciliation and the RGC 
which is recognized as the sole royal government of our beloved 
Cambodian motherland. For this reason, the KR ringleaders have 
carried on the war and sought every means to make you live as 
outlaws with them. In your mind, you may have already realized 
that many of you have always thought and wished for the KRAF to 
quickly launch activities near your areas in order to liberate 
you from [word indistinct] of the KR ringleaders. [passage 
omitted] 
  During the past few days, over 3,000 brothers have returned. 
Some of them have asked for permission to return to their native 
villages [words indistinct]. Others have volunteered to serve 
the KRAF. Those who used to have ranks have been honorably 
given ranks by the RGC. [passage omitted] The RGC has set up a 
royal government delegation led by Samdech Hun Sen and myself to 
make arrangements to welcome you and provide facilities for all 
brothers to return in time for the traditional new year so that 
you can live happily in your hometowns with your families. 
[passage omitted] 
  I can assure you that you will [words indistinct] as 
citizens 
in general if you want to return to your hometowns and will be 
inducted into the the KRAF if you want to maintain [words 
indistinct]. All money and belongings that you bring along will 
be kept for you. If you bring along arms and ammunition or 
point out arms caches of the KR faction, you will be rewarded 
satisfactorily. 
  Brothers, please consider what to do. Should you [words 
indistinct] in isolation from (?country), national community, 
families, and hometown as the KR ringleaders have imposed and 
are imposing on you. You should choose -- to live lawfully in 
your hometown with your families or to live outside the law; 
peace or waiting for the same fate as Anlung Veng and other 
territories where the RGC could not pardon illegal control over 
them by the KR ringleaders. [passage omitted] 
  [Signed] Norodom Ranariddh 

