BFN 

  [Text] Indian Secretary of State in Charge of External 
Affairs Mr. Bhatia will visit Vietnam in the near future, 
according to an agreement between the two governments of Vietnam 
and India. Here is a review of the present relations between 
India and Vietnam. 
  The fifth session of the Vietnam-India Joint Commission on 
Economic and Scientific-Technical Cooperation was held in New 
Delhi a year ago. On this occasion the two sides discussed a 
number of issues concerning comprehensive bilateral cooperation 
which so far have been fruitful. In the next session, the two 
sides will review implementation on what have been adopted at 
the last session and plan to sign an agreement on avoidance of 
double taxation. 
  Traditional relationship between Vietnam and India has been 
consolidated and developed in recent years with an exchange of 
visit by leaders of the two countries. Together with the solid 
political relations, economic ties have been developed. Two-way 
trade between Vietnam and India increased from $10 million in 
1989 to $100 million. 
  Bilateral cooperation in personnel training has been very 
effective. In the last session, the two sides unanimously 
agreed to readjust the structure of their cooperation to be 
suitable with Vietnam's renovation and India's economic reform. 
  India has helped Vietnam modernize the textile industry, 
railway service, and personnel training, in water resources, 
nuclear energy, and agriculture. India has cooperated with 
Vietnam in oil exploration and exploitation. Besides bilateral 
government cooperation, the two sides also set up cooperation 
among companies and joint ventures. It is expected that the 
sixth session of the Vietnam-India Joint Commission will obtain 
more positive results in conformity with the aspiration of both 
countries. 

