BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, June 16 (AFP) -- China confirmed Thursday 
that British Foreign Office Minister Alistair Goodlad will visit 
here in July, stressing Beijing's desire to resume cooperation 
with London despite "difficulties" over Hong Kong. Goodlad will 
visit China as the guest of the foreign ministry, but 
arrangements for the trip are still being discussed, ministry 
spokesman Shen Guofang told journalists. 
  Goodlad -- who has special responsibility for Hong Kong, 
Southeast Asia, Australasia and the Pacific -- will be the first 
foreign office minister to visit here since Foreign Secretary 
Douglas Hurd's trip last July. 
  "The Chinese side hopes that difficulties on the question of 
Hong Kong will not affect ties between the two countries in 
other areas," said Shen, but added this would depend on the 
"approach and actions" of the British. He pointed to "some 
progress" already in expert meetings on the funding of Hong 
Kong's new 20.3 billion dollar airport project and on the 
allocation of military sites after 1997. Noting that 
Sino-British Joint Liaison Group talks would resume next 
Tuesday, Shen said "we hope an agreement can be reached at an 
early date." 
  The conciliatory comments are a far cry from the 
recrimations 
traded by the two sides in the past two years during a row over 
democratic reform in Hong Kong and the latest sign that China 
and Britain are seeking to mend fences. Foreign Minister Qian 
Qichen said Tuesday Beijing and London should continue 
cooperation on other aspects of the colony's 1997 handback to 
China. Earlier this week, plans were announced for a 100-member 
British trade delegation to visit China in September for a 
15-day trip aimed at boosting economic cooperation. 

