Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By reporter Pan Xiaozhu (3382 1420 3796)] </F>
  [Text] Dhaka, 26 Feb (XINHUA) -- This morning Qian Qichen, 
vice premier of China's State Council and concurrently foreign 
minister, called on Bangladesh President Abdur Rahman Biswar at 
the latter's office. The two held sincere and friendly talks. 
  Qian Qichen conveyed President Jiang Zemin's regards to 
President Biswar and extended President Jiang Zemin's invitation 
to visit China. 
  Biswar expressed his thanks for President Jiang Zemin's 
invitation and asked Qian Qichen to convey his cordial greetings 
and best wishes to President Jiang. 
  Biswar praised the traditional friendship between Bangladesh 
and China, stating: The relationship between the Bangladesh and 
Chinese Governments has always been very friendly, and has 
withstood the test of time. 
  Biswar spoke highly of the rapid economic development in 
China since it introduced the policies of reform and opening up. 
He also expressed the hope that Bangladesh and China would 
strengthen economic cooperation and trade. 
  Qian Qichen praised the favorable situation in Bangladesh's 
economic development since Prime Minister Khaleda Zia came to 
office. 
  Qian Qichen said: The Chinese Government highly values its 
friendly relations and cooperation with the Bangladesh 
Government and people. People in our two countries are now 
concentrating their efforts on economic development. Our 
countries should strengthen support for and cooperation with 
each other. 

