BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Major General Vladimir Avdiyskiy, chief of </F>
Russian Federation Tax Police Department Control and Auditing 
Administration, by Nikolay Ivanov; place and date not given: 
"The Tax Police Has Restored 630 Billion Rubles to the Budget. 
And This in Just Three Months"] 
  [Excerpts] Has the tax police succeeded in protecting 
state interests in the economic sphere? With this question 
ROSSIYSKIYE VESTI's correspondent began his conversation with 
Major General Vladimir Avdiyskiy, chief of the Russian 
Federation Tax Police Department Control and Auditing 
Administration. [passage omitted] 
  [Avdiyskiy] Commercial structures account for most 
violations of legislation, for they outstrip state enterprises 
by almost 10 times in terms of this indicator. Partnerships 
with limited liability account for a large percentage (25 
percent), and then come private enterprises (11 percent), 
followed by closed-type joint-stock companies and joint ventures. 
  What methods are used? All sorts of international contracts 
and treaties constitute one of the most widespread methods 
today. To put it more concretely -- the transfer [peregon] of 
money. Look: I touch a computer key, and the state of 
Liechtenstein, let us assume, appears on the screen. What do we 
have there? There we have N., a certain Russian emigre, who has 
links with some 20 firms and private individuals in all the CIS 
countries. 
  [Ivanov] How many joint ventures do we have in Russia? 
  [Avdiyskiy] If I give the figure 6,359, this was how many 
joint ventures, organized with firms in 112 foreign countries, 
were operating last year. The United States, Germany, China, 
and Finland are in the lead here. 
  Only I am in no way saying that they are all definitely 
swindling. Certainly not. But many merit a certain monitoring. 
  [Ivanov] What of the results? What specifically has the tax 
police done for Russia? 
  [Avdiyskiy] Here we can now use the language not of 
percentages but of figures. During the first quarter of this 
year an additional 630 billion rubles [R], U.S.$2 million, and 
700,000 German marks were credited to the state's budget jointly 
with the State Tax Service. This was close to the indicators 
that we had during the whole of last year! This year over 300 
criminal cases have been instituted on the basis of tax police 
materials. The second quarter also promises to be no less 
"fruitful": Checks are being completed which already, in the 
preliminary work on them, entail the concealment of profits from 
taxation on a particularly large scale, i.e. they come under the 
corresponding article of the Criminal Code. There is also a 
growing number of offenses for which the sanctions are fines of 
R1 billion and more; whereas 69 such cases were registered last 
year, 42 were registered just during the first three months of 
this year. [passage omitted] 

