Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["NODONG SINMUN Calls For Thorough Implementation of </F>
Revolutionary Line of Independence, Self-Sufficiency and 
Self-Reliant Defence"--KCNA headline] 
  [Text] Pyongyang, January 23 (KCNA) -- The imperialists and 
reactionary forces are persistently resorting to political and 
military pressure and economic blockade in a bid to stifle the 
DPRK, but the Korean people under the guidance of the party and 
the leader will continue implementing the revolutionary line of 
independence, self-sufficiency and self-reliant defence so as to 
add lustre to the Korean-style socialism centering on the 
popular masses and advance under the uplifted banner of chuche. 
  NODONG SINMUN Sunday stresses this in a signed article 
titled "Justness of Our Party's Line of Independence, 
Self-Sufficiency and Self-Reliant Defence". 
  The article quotes the great leader Comrade Kim Il-song as 
saying: 
  "In order to meet the requirements of the present situation 
and of the development of our revolution we must implement the 
revolutionary line of independence, self-sufficiency and 
self-reliant defence, step up the three 
revolutions--ideological, technical and cultural--and thus 
further increase the political, economic and military might of 
the country." 
  Ours is the socialism of chuche that is unswervingly guided 
by the chuche idea and that is built and developed through the 
implementation of the revolutionary line of independence, 
self-sufficiency and self-reliant defence, the article says, and 
continues: 
  This line of our party is the most scientific and 
revolutionary line that makes it possible to build socialism of 
Korean style, a society that makes an uninterrupted advance in 
reliance upon its own people, not dependent on others, in all 
realms under any difficult and complex conditions. 
  Along this great revolutionary line the Korean people have 
been able to successfully build a powerful socialist country and 
firmly defend socialism, smashing the never-ceasing aggressive 
moves of the imperialists at every step. 
  The justness and vitality of this revolutionary line of our 
party lie in that they fully guarantee the defence of the 
sovereignty of the country and the nation and an independent and 
creative life of the people in any circumstances. 
  With a solid foundation of independence, self-sufficiency 
and 
self-reliant defence, the Korean people are dynamically pushing 
ahead with socialist construction without the slightest 
deviation, though socialism has suffered setbacks in some 
countries. 
  It is the unshakable stand and will of our party and people 
to hold higher the banner of socialism, the banner of 
revolution, and carry the building of Korean-style socialism to 
completion. 
  The justness and vitality of the line also lie in that they 
make it possible to decisively check the aggression of the 
imperialists and reactionaries and their moves for stifling our 
republic and to defend socialism firmly. 
  Our party and people have strictly maintained the 
revolutionary line of independence, self-sufficiency and 
self-reliant defence in socialist construction, thus making the 
political, economic and military power of the nation invincible. 
Particularly, with the implementation of our party's military 
line of self-reliant defence under the wise guidance of Comrade 
Kim Chong-il, supreme commander of the Korean People's Army, our 
people's Army has grown to be matchless armed forces which can 
destroy any formidable enemy at one blow, either in view of 
politico-ideological superiority or in view of the modernisation 
standard of combat equipment. 
  No matter how persistently the imperialists and reactionary 
forces resort to political and military pressure and economic 
blockade in an effort to stifle our republic, they can never 
demolish our socialism that has risen imposingly as a powerful 
bastion of independence, self-sufficiency and self-reliance in 
national defence, declares the article. 

