BFN 

  [Text] The cooperation of Abdic's renegades and their 
friends, the chetniks, which they neither want to nor can 
conceal, has revealed all its futility with the closure of a 
corridor for the delivery of humanitarian aid to the free 
territories of the Bihac district. In an attempt to rescue and 
preserve his dictatorship, which is diminishing daily while its 
residents have realized the full extent of [words indistinct] of 
a sick mind, he is in this way trying to force the residents of 
the district to surrender and renounce their own Islamic 
identity and their Bosnia-Herzegovina through surrender, a 
proclamation by the regional committee of the Party of 
Democratic Action [SDA] Bihac says, among other things. 
  In the name of the citizens and the SDA members, we demand 
that the international institutions and the United Nations carry 
out their fundamental task within their mandate, which is [words 
indistinct] to secure the unhindered delivery of humanitarian 
aid to the free part of the Bihac district. From the 
Presidency, the Bosnia-Herzegovina Government, and the Foreign 
Ministry, we demand energetic action to [words indistinct] 
demand that the relevant international factors deliver 
humanitarian aid [words indistinct] way. 
  This manner excludes any risk or manipulation by [words 
indistinct] and guarantees a regular delivery and the safety of 
the UN forces. In the name of the residents of the Bihac 
district and the SDA members, we call and appeal to all those of 
Fikret's [word indistinct] who have been mislead and forcefully 
mobilized to cross to the side of their people and their country 
and feel the breeze of victory blowing from the peaks of Mount 
Ozren, where the (?terrorists) are fleeing heedlessly, to defend 
and liberate what is ours [words indistinct] enjoy the beauty of 
our free and [word indistinct] Bosnia from the liberated peaks 
of Grmec, Kozara, Jahorina, and Vlasic, is stated in the 
proclamation by the regional committees of the SDA in Bihac. 

