BFN 

  [Text] Belgrade, May 11 (XINHUA) -- Bosnian Muslim forces 
today shelled Serb-held Brcko with five rockets for the second 
time in as many days and there is no immediate report of 
casualties and property losses. 
  The local press reported that all five rockets fell in the 
Grchica district, and this was the second Muslim attack on 
Brcko, a strategic city vital as a link between Serbia and 
Bosnian Serbs. 
  The Muslim forces reportedly bombarded Brcko today with at 
least 16 shells, killing four people, including a pregnant 
woman, and injuring 10. 
  Brcko, in north Bosnia, is a vital communications and supply 
line for Bosnian Serbs into Serbia and has been under the 
control of strong Serb forces since the beginning of the Bosnian 
war. 
  Following today's shelling, Serb commander in eastern Bosnia 
Novica Simich met officers of the United Nations peacekeeping 
forces in Bosnia and lodged a protest. 
  Simich suggested that the UN peacekeeping forces arrange a 
meeting between him and Muslim commander in Tuzla, Hadzeim 
Shadzzich, to negotiate an agreement on ending hostilities 
between their troops. 
  At a press conference today, Simich warned that if Brcko was 
bombed again, his troops would return fire with all possible 
means and weapons in their possession. 
  Jovan Zametica, a spokesman for Bosnian Serb leader Radovan 
Karadzic, accused Muslims of using the shelling attack to 
provoke counter-attack from Serb forces in a bid to lure the 
international community into carrying out air strikes against 
Serb positions. 
  Meanwhile, Muslim forces in Tuzla reportedly admitted that 
they had launched the bombing attack on Brcko, but a spokesman 
for the UN peacekeeping forces told a news briefing in Belgrade 
today that it was still unclear who was responsible. 
  Tension around Brcko intensified shortly after the crisis in 
Gorazde calmed down. Both Serbs and Muslims have massed their 
forces near the region in preparation for a major battle. 

