Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, March 15 (KCNA) -- The "Sobaeksuhoe," an 
underground circle of Seoul National University which was 
inaugurated on February 5, adopted a letter to the one million 
students of South Korea on March 1 calling on them to deal a 
sledge-hammer blow at outside forces and the "civilian fascists" 
and play the role of detonator and bomb in making 1995 the year 
of reunification, the Seoul-based Radio Voice of National 
Salvation reported. 
  Noting that to put an end to the domination and interference 
of outside forces, ostracize the "civilian fascists" and 
immediately terminate the tragedy of national division was our 
fellow countrymen's desire and a solemn request of the time, the 
letter said: 
  The basic way of overcoming the present difficulties and 
accomplishing the national-historic cause is to achieve great 
national unity with the illustrious leader of the nation as the 
centripetal point. 
  Our people's deep reverence for and trust in the dear leader 
Mr. Kim Chong-il, the lodestar, is an expression of the faith 
and will that stem from the belief that the destiny of a nation 
is orientated by an illustrious leader. 
  We, the vanguards of the "Sobaeksuhoe" ardently call on the 
one million students who value justice and truth to greet 
national reunification in 1995 at any cost, braving all the 
difficulties and trials and remaining loyal and devoted to the 
dear leader Mr. Kim Chong-il, the destiny of the nation and the 
lodestar of the era of independence. 

