Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Albert Kochetkov] </F>
  [Text] Tbilisi, 1 Jan -- In the new year, Georgia will make 
an attempt to partially surmount its acute energy crisis by 
using local resources. According to official sources, foreign 
companies are being invited in for this purpose, and they will 
start to locate and develop oilfields within the republic. To 
ensure the safety of the foreign geologists, Eduard 
Shevardnadze, the head of state, has already instructed that 
their protection should be entrusted to the Ministry of Internal 
Affairs. 
  Georgia used to meet its fuel needs through cheap supplies 
from other republics of the former Soviet Union, receiving from 
them nearly all the natural gas it required, a significant 
amount of its petrol and diesel fuel, and a quarter of its 
electrical power. All this despite the fact, for example, that 
Georgia is thought by local experts to lead the world as regards 
the presence of hydropower resources. 
  Geologists forecast that rich oil-bearing strata can also be 
found in the republic, as, for example, in neighboring 
Azerbaijan. Over 70 years ago, the then bourgeois government of 
Georgia issued a Dutch firm with a licence to locate and extract 
oil in the east of the republic. But these fields were soon 
exhausted. In recent years, oil-bearing strata have been 
detected in a seam close to the surface on an upland plateau not 
far from Tbilisi. 

