BFN 

  [Excerpts] Comrade Bai Rubing, an outstanding CPC member 
and a faithful communist fighter, former member of the Advisory 
Commission of the CPC Central Committee and former first 
secretary of the Shandong Provincial CPC Committee, died of an 
illness that showed no response to medical treatment in Jinan on 
8 April at the age of 83. [passage omitted] 
  After the death of Comrade Bai Rubing, Jiang Zemin, general 
secretary of the CPC Central Committee; Qiao Shi, member of the 
standing committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central 
Committee and chairman of the National People's Congress 
Standing Committee; Zhu Rongji, member of the standing committee 
of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and vice 
premier of the State Council; and Hu Jingtao, member of the 
standing committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central 
Committee and secretary of the Secretariat; and other party and 
state leaders respectively made telephone calls to express deep 
sorrow over the death of Comrade Bai Rubing and to extend 
cordial regards to his family members and children. When 
Comarde Bai Rubing was critically ill, leading comrades of 
Shandong Province and of Jinan Military Region, including Jiang 
Chunyun, Zhao Zhihao, Zhang Taiheng, and Song Qingwei visited 
him in the hospital on several occasions. [passage omitted] 
  The remains of Comrade Bai Rubing were cremated in Jinan on 
15 April. At 1530 in the afternoon, the hall to pay last 
respects to the deceased in Jinan funeral parlor was filled with 
mourning music. Leading comrades of Shandong Province and of 
Jinan Military Region, including Jiang Chunyun, Zhao Zhihao, Li 
Chunting, Li Wenquan, Han Xikai, Li Zhen, Lu Maozeng, Yang 
Guoping, Cai Renshan, and (Han Naida); veteran comrades of 
Shandong Province and of Jinan Military Region, such as Su 
Yiran, Liang Buting, Gao Keting, Qin Hezhen, Li Zichao, Rao 
Shoukun, and Fan Chaoli; representatives of party and government 
organs of the province and Jinan city; and friends of Comrade 
Bai Rubing came one after another to the funeral hall to bow to 
Comrade Rubing who had devoted more than 60 springs and winters 
making immortal deeds for the cause of the party and the people 
and to express sympathy and solicitude for the family members 
and relatives of Comrade Bai Rubing. 
  The bone ash of Comrade Bai Rubing will be placed in Jinan 
Cemetery for Revolutionary Martyrs. 

