BFN 

  [Text] Alenia Spazio and Matra Marconi Space have signed a 
contract to build the second Silex [semiconductor laser 
intersatelite link experiment] terminal to be installed on board 
the geostationary satellite ARTEMIS [Advanced Relay and 
Technology Mission], whose launch is planned for 1996. ARTEMIS 
is the first ESA [European Space Agency] program in which the 
Italian company [Alenia Spazio] is project leader. It will be 
used to test new technologies for links between space vehicles 
and between space vehicles and earth in preparation for the 
activities of the future DRS [data relay satellite] system. This 
will include -- via the Silex system developed by the ESA, CNES 
[National Center for Space Studies], and MMS -- high-density (50 
Mbps [megabits per second]) digital transmission between 
satellites using optical frequencies, or by laser beams. One of 
the terminals will be installed on ARTEMIS and the other on the 
French remote-sensing satellite SPOT-4. The images photographed 
by the latter, and the signals transmitted by the Japanese 
satellite OICETS, will be retransmitted to earth by ARTEMIS. 
For ARTEMIS, Alenia Spazio had already ordered repeaters in the 
S (2 GHz [gigahertz]) and Ka (23 GHz) bands from Alcatel Espace 
whose suppliers are Italy's FIAR, Germany's ANT, Canada's 
Comdev, and its own Belgian and Spanish subsidiaries. 

