Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Ulaanbaatar, February 27. (OANA-MONTSAME) -- In an 
interview to the correspondents of MONTSAME and the newspaper 
"ARDIYN ERH" the president of Mongolia Punsalmaagiyn. Ochirbat 
expressed full satisfaction with the outcome of his visit to 
India. 
  In accordance with the new conditions we have defined the 
basic principles of our further mutual relations. Along with 
the treaty on friendly relations and cooperation signed were 
also a number of joint documents meant for development of 
relations in different spheres, noted the president of Mongolia. 
  As the president noted, the present agreements with India 
differ from the previous documents about development of 
bilateral relations of Mongolia with other states. The new 
documents signed with India are defining mechanisms of 
realization of principles of mutual relations. 
  Founded are also the government commissions to co-ordinate 
and exercise control over the efforts on realization of the 
reached agreements. 
  Besides that, the embassies of our countries have already 
got 
the corresponding instructions. In a word, we have managed to 
overcome our previous shortcoming, when all efforts have been 
often ended in signing documents and giving them a high 
appraisal, said the President P. Ochirbat. In this connection 
the president adduced the statement made by the Prime Minister 
of India Narasimha Rao "interests and principles are coinciding, 
mechanisms are created. It remains just to work". 
  The president's official visit to a number of countries of 
South Asia is continuing. 

