BFN 

  [Text] President Husni Mubarak received a telephone call 
this evening from Yemeni Vice President 'Ali Salim al-Bid, 
during which he explained to the president the worsening 
situation in fraternal Yemen. President Mubarak requested that 
the Yemeni parties end the fighting, solve the crisis through 
mutual understanding, and respond to the Egyptian and Arab peace 
efforts to safeguard the supreme interests of the fraternal 
Yemeni people. 
  Meanwhile, southern Yemeni sources have stated that fighting 
broke out again today between the southern and northern military 
units, and extended to southern areas of Yemen. The sources 
added that the current fighting is taking place in the southern 
provinces of Abyan and Lahij. 
  The Yemeni Defense Ministry in Sanaa said in a statement 
today that the southern forces deployed in the Dhamar base, 
south of Sanaa, have left their camps and have taken up 
positions in the surrounding areas on the orders of the leaders 
of the Socialist Party to aggravate the military situation in 
Yemen. 
  Informed sources in Sanaa said that an extensive search is 
under way in the Amran camp area, north of Sanaa, which 
witnessed heavy fighting last Wednesday and Thursday [27-28 
April], for Colonel Sayf al-Baqari, commander of the southern 
3rd Armored brigade, to bring him to court martial for issuing 
the orders to start the fighting in the area. 

