Language: <F P=105> Slovak </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] Our government delegation has returned from an 
official visit to Israel and Cyprus. Before departing from 
Nicosia, our special correspondent Igor Barat sent us this 
report about today's program. 
  [Begin Barat recording] [passage omitted] While Economy 
Minister Jan Ducky negotiated with the Cypriot minister of 
finance, Slovak Foreign Minister Jozef Moravcik continued his 
consultations, which started yesterday, with his counterpart, 
Mikhailidhis. The two politicians talked about their experience 
in solving problems relating to a multinational society and 
agreed that recognizing individual rights for all citizens must 
not lead to interference with the integrity of individual states. 
  The two ministers of foreign affairs also stressed the need 
for an effective security system in Europe, which would give 
guarantees to all states and not just to selected ones. The 
foreign ministers also confirmed that Cyprus and the Slovak 
Republic have common interest in joining the European Union. 
  Ivan Laluha, chairman of the Slovak Republic National 
Council's Foreign Committee, and other deputies met Tasos 
Papadhopoulos, chairman of the Cypriot Parliament's Foreign 
Committee. They also talked mainly about minority questions. The 
Cypriot politician said that, in this sphere, his country has 
negative experience and that it has learned from this experience 
that it is not desirable to recognize too many rights for any 
minority, and that it is also not permissible for other states 
to get involved in solving these problems. We received this 
information from Ivan Laluha on the so-called Green Line, 
hermetically dividing the Greek from the Turkish part of the 
island. The Slovak Foreign Committee chairman noted: I hope we 
will never need to create something similar. [end recording] 

