Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From ELTA "NEWS BULLETIN" No. 423] </F>
  [Text] Vilnius, 26 Jan, ELTA -- The decision by social 
democrats to achieve that Seimas should express non-confidence 
in the Government was called improper by the labour democratic 
faction. Social democrats had seven mandates in Seimas, so they 
could only support political forces which claim the resignation 
of the Government, member of labour democratic faction Albinas 
Lozuraitis told a news conference. 
  According to Lozuraitis, non-confidence in the Government 
could be expressed just by the right-wing political forces, but 
they remained silent. The right-wing opposition promised to 
hold a news conference on Wednesday [26 January] during which it 
was hoped to hear its opinion on the issues, however, the news 
conference was canceled. 
  During the news conference Lozuraitis said that the 
accusations brought by social democrats were not well-grounded. 
The ideas of social justice declared by them were supported by 
labour democratic party as well. Decisions adopted by the 
Government did not differ much from the requirements of social 
democrats, Lozuraitis noted. 
  Representatives of labour democratic party said that the 
reason of these accusations could be traced back to the 
rejection of the draft law on property declaration which was 
supported by labour democrats. 

