BFN 

<F P=106> [By Benjamin Yeh] </F>
  [Text] Taipei, May 27 (CNA) -- The Ministry of Finance 
said Friday [27 May] that it will impose extra tariffs on 
polypropylene imported from South Korea and Japan beginning June 
1. 
  Taiwan Polypropylene Corp. filed an anti-dumping complaint 
with the ministry in December 1992, saying Japanese and Korean 
polypropylene suppliers have sold their products here below fair 
market price, harming the local polypropylene industry. 
  Polypropylene is a petrochemical material widely used in 
industry and in the production of plastic bags, plastic bottles, 
toys and the housings for washing machines. 
  Wu Chia-sheng, director of the ministry's Department of 
Customs Administration, said the tariff commission decided to 
impose the anti-dumping tax after an investigation proved the 
complaint to be true. 
  Ten Japanese companies involved in dumping polypropylene in 
Taiwan will face extra import duties ranging between 5.16 
percent and 68.71 percent, while eight South Korean suppliers 
will face an additional tax of between 5.4-35.01 percent. The 
tax rates vary with import quantities and prices. 
  An industry official recalled that while the investigation 
was underway, a Korean Petrochemical Association had proposed to 
freeze the prices on the imports of Korean polypropylene in 
exchange for an end to the probe. 
  The offer was rejected by the tariff commission because the 
proposal was not considered an effective measure "to end harm to 
the local industry," the official said. 
  This was the fifth anti-dumping case acted upon by the 
government since last year when Taiwan imposed an extra tax on 
imports of Japanese-manufactured sodium hydrosulfite, a man-made 
ingredient widely used by the dyeing industry. 

