BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Foreign Minister Alain Juppe by </F>
correspondent Franz-Olivier Giesbert in the Paris studio -- live] 
  [Excerpts] [Giesbert] Good morning, Mr. Juppe. Now, you 
are rejoicing that the 11 Premiere Urgence hostages held by the 
Bosnian Serbs were released yesterday evening. We have to say 
that this is a victory for French diplomacy. 
  [Juppe] It is a victory for the French Government, which has 
spared no effort for nearly two months now, from the moment we 
learned about this hostage-taking -- and I was the one who 
described it as such from the very beginning. We immediately 
started to make repeated diplomatic approaches. 
  [Giesbert] There is one problem: The hostages were released 
on bail. It is a kind of extortion, isn't it? 
  [Juppe] Wait, let me finish. We made repeated diplomatic 
approaches of all kinds -- in Belgrade, in Sarajevo, in Pale; we 
ourselves, through the Greek presidency of the European Union, 
with the support of Lord Owen, the international mediator, and 
also a number of great powers who helped us. [passage omitted] 
  We knew several days ago -- I said it myself in Washington 
-- 
that these diplomatic approaches were going to bear fruit. This 
is the only method used by the Foreign Ministry. I learned 
later -- as you did, indeed -- that Premiere Urgence paid what 
it called bail. It bears the responsibility for that, and it is 
not for me to comment. 
  [Giesbert] 280,000 francs? 
  [Juppe] That is the figure I heard, as you did. 
  [Giesbert] There has been this (?success), but at the same 
time no one can understand France's strategy in Bosnia. 
  [Juppe] I understand it perfectly well. I hope I can 
enlighten you. 
  [Giesbert] Francois Leotard said on Europe 1: We are going 
to 
withdraw our troops. You replied right away: It is more 
complicated than that. Then Eduard Balladur came along and gave 
a sort of synthesis: Perhaps we will, perhaps we won't. Can you 
explain the [word indistinct] position? [passage omitted] 
  [Juppe] There is a perfect consensus. What is our position? 
Actually it is perfectly well known, if you do not want to 
create artificial problems where they do not exist. 
  For several months we have had about 6,000 men in Bosnia, on 
the ground in Bosnia, and indeed in the whole of former 
Yugoslavia -- I am thinking of Croatia. We increased our troops 
in Sarajevo temporarily a few weeks ago, sending an extra 1,000 
men. At the time it was planned that this reinforcement would 
only be temporary. So we are cutting 1,000 men, withdrawing a 
battalion from Glina. That is clear. 
  The second thing is that we have warned the United Nations 
-- 
because you have do it in advance -- that we are planning to 
withdraw from Bihac at the end of the year. This is an area of 
Bosnia where in fact we are keeping Muslim forces apart. This 
decision has not yet taken definitive shape, since it is for the 
end of the year. So all three of us said exactly the same thing. 
  [Giesbert] What do you think of the intervention by 
intellectuals on the debate over Bosnia? 
  [Juppe] It is their right, and I would even say that in a 
way 
it is their duty. Nevertheless, as you know, we do not share 
the same analysis. [passage omitted] 
  The situation in Bosnia today -- provisionally, perhaps, so 
we have to be very careful, because the embers are still alive 
under the ashes -- the situation has stabilized. And we owe 
this to France and the EU. It is a great advance compared with 
what was happening only a few months ago. 
  So today we have a very clear choice: Either we rekindle the 
war -- and as far as I am concerned, supplying arms to all the 
belligerents means rekindling the war -- or else we try to make 
peace. My personal obsession is to make peace. 
  [Giesbert] If there really were no more war, as you are 
saying, tell me frankly: Would Francois Leotard be suggesting 
the withdrawal of French peacekeeping forces? 
  [Juppe] I do not see the connection. 
  [Giesbert] Because there are risks to be taken. Why would 
the French withdraw from the Bihac region, for example? Is it 
not because it is dangerous? 
  [Juppe] You think it is because it is dangerous that we are 
withdrawing from Bihac? We shall perhaps withdraw from Bihac at 
the end of the year, simply because we want to concentrate our 
forces at Sarajevo, where the dangers are much greater than in 
Bihac. I would not accuse French soldiers of cowardice, Mr. 
Giesbert. 
  [Giesbert] Nor would I. 
  [Juppe] Nor would the French Government. It is not because 
Bihac is dangerous that we are going. It is because we want to 
be consistent. And being consistent means reinforcing our 
troops in Sarajevo as we have been doing for several months. 
  I would like to come back to the choice: war or peace. I 
think today we really do have a choice between war and peace. 
The only way to make peace is to try to convince the sides to 
sit down at the negotiating table to advance along the bases of 
the plan that the Americans, the Russians, and all the 
Europeans, the Twelve, unanimously, proposed. [passage omitted] 
  [Giesbert] Mr. Juppe, if we withdraw, Michel Rocard says 
that 
the embargo on arms for the Bosnians should be lifted. 
  [Juppe] I think the problem should be put exactly the other 
way round. It is that if the embargo is lifted, then we should 
withdraw our troops. If we were to lift the embargo today, 
there would be more fighting. That is quite obvious. And in 
such a case, of course, we should not be able to keep our 
peacekeeping troops among the belligerents. We would have to 
withdraw them. There would be offensives again -- in Sarajevo, 
in Gorazde, or elsewhere -- and we would see things getting to 
the point where the Bosnian Muslims find themselves in 
difficulty and then who will they call on to help them? 
  [Giesbert] You favor compromise. Everyone favors compromise. 
But from compromise to compromise, are we not giving Bosnia to 
the Serbs? 
  [Juppe] I do not think so. [passage omitted] Fifty-one 
percent goes to the Croat-Muslim Federation, and 49 percent to 
the Serbs who today occupy more than 70 percent of the 
territory. That means that they must withdraw from more than 20 
percent of the territory that they have conquered by force. 
  [Giesbert] Mr. Juppe, you are now going to Moscow. What are 
you hoping for from your meeting with Boris Yeltsin? 
  [Juppe] First of all, I would like to convince Boris Yeltsin 
of France's desire to conduct a policy of close cooperation and 
openness with Russia. We must not leave Russia in its corner. 
It is a great power, and will remain one. 
  Second, of course, we shall talk about Bosnia. There has 
been great progress in the fact that Russian diplomacy has 
joined with us around the same table to put forward the same 
plan. We have to strike while the iron is hot. I must tell you 
that we should be having another meeting on 13 June -- we, the 
foreign ministers, the same group that met in Geneva a few days 
ago -- in other words, in three weeks' time, and there perhaps 
we shall have a moment of decision again. 
  If nothing has happened between now and then, if there has 
been no progress along the path to peace, if we see that no 
settlement seems to be in view, then, as the French prime 
minister said, France must draw the obvious conclusions. 
  [Giesbert] A new NATO offensive? 
  [Juppe] I did not say that. I said that we should have to 
think of moving on to something completely different. 
  [Giesbert] Meaning? 
  [Juppe] We shall speak of it at the right time. 
  [Giesbert] Can we not speak of it now? 
  [Juppe] You know very well that we have indicated the 
direction in which we are looking. We cannot leave our 
peacekeeping forces on the ground indefinitely. If the people 
for whom they are there, if these people and governments do not 
want to make peace, there is no reason to leave our peacekeeping 
forces there indefinitely. That is what will be at stake 
between now and the end of June or beginning of July. 
  [Giesbert] Have a good trip, Mr. Juppe. 

