BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed report: "George Hawwa Detained In Hammam </F>
al-Shatt for Making Deals Without PLO's Knowledge"] 
  [Excerpt] Tunis, AL-SHARQ AL-AWSAT; Rome, agencies -- 
Well-informed Palestinian sources have confirm to AL-SHARQ 
AL-AWSAT that George Hawwa, the Palestinian businessman, has, 
for the past 10 days, been in a PLO prison in the area of Hammam 
al-Shatt in the outskirts of the Tunisian capital. 
  The sources said that Hawwa, who is the uncle of President 
'Arafat's wife Suha al-Tawil, is in prison for concluding 
imaginary deals with foreign companies for the implementation of 
future projects in Gaza and Jericho without consulting the PLO, 
the National Authority, or the Palestinian Economic Council for 
Development and Reconstruction which is the body empowered to 
make such deals. 
  The sources revealed that Abu-al-Lutf [Faruq Qaddumi], head 
of the PLO's Political Department and deputy chairman of the 
Economic Council for Development and Reconstruction, was the one 
who raised the issue and informed 'Arafat of what happened, 
confirming that George Hawwa, brother of Raymonda al-Tawil, 
mother of Suha, exploited the fact the he was a relative of the 
Palestinian president's wife in making these imaginary deals and 
charging commission for that, claiming that he would submit the 
deals to 'Arafat later on for his signature. 
  AL-SHARQ AL-AWSAT has learned that 'Arafat ordered the 
detention of Hawwa as soon as he heard of the matter, and he was 
very hurt by the attitude of his wife's uncle who embarrassed 
him by exploiting his name and his wife's name. 
  Meanwhile, Suha has denied yesterday's Italian press reports 
claiming that she was about to be divorced. She described them 
as a part of a defamation campaign to slow down the Palestinian 
autonomy. 
  Suha 'Arafat issued that denial through an Arab journalist 
based in Rome after the appearance of these reports in several 
Italian papers. 
  In her statement, she said: "I am in my home near my husband 
President 'Arafat." 
  She also denied the reports claiming that her uncle George 
Hawwa was arrested in Tunis last week on the personal orders of 
'Arafat and that he was interrogated. [passage omitted] 

