Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] A meeting of Army General Raul Castro Ruz with 
outstanding journalists, the president of UPEC [Union of Cuban 
Journalists], and the directors of the principal mass media 
today [17 March] became a fruitful exchange of opinions and 
information regarding the progress of defense tasks, as well as 
an interchange about other national current affairs topics. 
  This dialogue, during which journalists who were awarded the 
Jose Marti national journalism prize for 1993 participated, was 
a continuation of the Revolutionary Armed Forces' [FAR] homage 
to press workers begun at a recent meeting with Division Gen. 
Ulises Rosales del Toro, head of the general staff. 
  In an event that lasted for more than seven hours at FAR 
Ministry headquarters, the participants received detailed 
information on improving the FAR, with the objective of adapting 
its structures, systems, and activities to the nation's economic 
possibilities. 
  The FAR minister spoke at length about these subjects and 
explained in detail experiences and results obtained by the 
FAR's regular troops, and especially the EJT [Youth Labor Army], 
both in agricultural-livestock production earmarked for 
self-sufficiency and that earmarked for the population. 
  Another aspect amply discussed by Army Gen. Raul Castro was 
the process of perfecting the FAR's managerial system, in 
operation for several years now, which is characterized by its 
comprehensiveness. 
  In the name of those present, UPEC president Tubal Paez 
called the meeting a great gift to the sector and reiterated all 
journalists' commitment to remain, as has been the case up to 
now, in the front line of combat in defense of the Revolution. 
Paez affirmed that the FAR Ministry and the commander in chief 
have, in Cuba's journalists, one of their principal weapons. 

