Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Bridgetown, Barbados, 28 Jan, CANA -- The Barbados 
Labour Party and a smaller opposition group, the National 
Democratic Party, on Friday called for the resignation of a 
minister who has lost the tourism portfolio to Prime Minister 
Erskine Sandiford. 
  They said Minister of Culture and International Transport 
Evelyn Greaves should resign because of the way the government 
treated him. 
  The BLP, the parliamentary opposition group, also called for 
the resignation of the board of the Barbados Tourism Authority 
(BTA), a government-run agency. 
  On Thursday, Prime Minister Sandiford, who is also minister 
of economic affairs, assumed responsibility for the Ministry of 
Tourism. 
  In announcing the move, the government said that Greaves, 
who assumed the tourism portfolio in a cabinet reshuffle last 
September, would retain responsibility for culture and 
international transport. 
  BLP spokesman Dr Richard Cheltheham called for Greaves' 
resignation, saying the industry could be severely hampered 
under Sandiford's leadership. 
  "Minister Greaves has been humiliated and robbed of eighty 
per cent of his portfolio.... The only self-respecting thing 
for him to do is to resign," Cheltheham said. 
  "We would like to remind the prime minister that the aim 
should be to get the best man in the national interest and that 
no other consideration should matter." 
  Leader of the National Democratic Party, Dr Richie Haynes, 
also called on Greaves to resign. 
  Haynes, a former finance minister, said the reshuffle 
indicated there was a crisis in the national cabinet. 

