BFN 

  [Text] Moscow June 18 TASS -- President Yeltsin has sent 
the following congratulatory message to the personnel of the 
special task force division of the Russian Interior Ministry 
troops on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of its creation: 
  "I congratulate soldiers, sergeants, non-commissioned 
officers, officers and veterans of the special task force 
division of the Russian Interior Ministry troops on the occasion 
of the 70th anniversary of its creation. 
  "The history of your division is inseparably connected with 
Russia and Moscow, its capital. Several generations of officers 
and men serving in your division fulfilled their duty with 
honour. Nineteen of them were awarded the titles of Hero of the 
Soviet Union and Hero of the Russian Federation, thousands more 
were awarded orders and medals. 
  "The successful fulfilment of official duties and combat 
tasks, especially during the troublesome past several years, 
contributed a great deal to maintaining civic peace in the 
country. I am confident that you will continue to ensure public 
security together with all the branches of the Interior Ministry 
in the interests of the consolidation of the Russian state. 
  "I rely on your will, honour and courage. Maintain and 
develop continuous vigilance, high combat preparedness and 
strict army discipline, which have always been the 
characteristic features of troops of the law enforcement 
structures. 
  "I wish officers and men of the division, veterans, families 
of the servicemen good health and genuine happiness. 
  [signed] B. Yeltsin" 

