BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by ITAR-TASS correspondent Galina Gridneva] </F>
  [Text] Dushanbe 25 April TASS -- Russian border troops 
guarding the Ishkashim section of the Tajik-Afghan border 
intercepted a group of five militants as they tried to cross the 
border into Afghanistan on Sunday. 
  According to military sources in Dushanbe, the militants 
opened fire on the border troops upon being uncovered. Two of 
them were killed during the resulting shoot-out, and the fate of 
the other three is still unknown. 
  Saturday evening, in the same area of the border, three 
armed 
men tried to enter the Gorno-Badakhshan region of Tajikistan 
from Afghanistan. Their crossing attempt was supported by fire 
from the Afghan side. The Russian border guards returned fire, 
taking out the enemy's positions and killing three of the 
fighters, while suffering no losses themselves. 
  According to reliable sources in Dushanbe, Tajik opposition 
forces have been concentrating in the Badakhshan area of 
Afghanistan in the past several days. Military sources say the 
aim of such a concentration is to break into the 
Gorno-Badakhshan autonomous region of Tajikistan and unite there 
with the domestic opposition from the Pamir mountains and the 
central areas of Tajikistan neighboring on Pamir. The commander 
of the 29th infantry division of the Afghanistan Defence 
Ministry, Abdol Bashir Khaled, is supporting the Tajik 
opposition forces with transportation and military cover, 
according to the sources. 
  The Russian border troops are working together with Tajik 
Government forces to reinforce the threatened sector of the 
Tajik-Afghan border. 

