Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Defense Minister General Rene Enriquez Morales, in 
disclosing the results of his trip to Mexico, mentioned the 
possibility that Central American guerrillas -- among them the 
URNG [Guatemalan National Revolutionary Unity] -- could be 
involved in the Zapatist guerrilla rebellion in Mexico. Enriquez 
Morales, who was part of the presidential entourage, said the 
possibility that the URNG supports the Zapatist National 
Liberation Army (EZLN) has not been ruled out. According to what 
was said in Mexico, other movements with similar tendencies also 
advise the EZLN. 
  The general added that it is no secret that the URNG used 
Mexican territory as its sanctuary and he pointed out a 
guerrilla arsenal had been discovered in Mexico, which was later 
identified as belonging to the URNG. Enriquez Morales added: We 
do not have hard evidence that the URNG participated in the 
conflict. Nevertheless, according to conversations with the 
Mexican defense secretary, when the issue was discussed, this 
possibility has not been ruled out. 
  Border security problems were also discussed, and in this 
case, Mexican authorities expressed their willingness to 
cooperate with Guatemala to set up immigration controls and 
security on the almost 1,000 km Mexican border. The general 
added that this issue was given top priority because there is 
still a rebel presence in the border areas which facilitates the 
smuggling of fine wood from the Peten forrests. Mexican 
cooperation would involve establishing customs and immigration 
posts to protect the southern border, particularly because of 
the importance this has in context with NAFTA. 

