BFN 

<F P=106> [By Lilian Wu] </F>
  [Text] Taipei, April 9 (CNA) -- Civilian groups went into 
action Saturday [9 April] to protest against Beijing's handling 
of the Lake Qiandao disaster, in which 24 Taiwan tourists 
perished aboard a cruise boat. 
  Li Hsi-yang, president of the Taipei chapter of the Junior 
Chamber of Commerce, said his group would call on Taiwan 
residents to suspend trips to the mainland and Taiwan business 
people to suspend investment there. 
  Li said the news about how Beijing handled the incident 
would 
be relayed to 800,000 Jaycees worldwide in six languages. 
  He added that the Chamber would not rule out the possibility 
of joining hands with other international groups such as the 
Lions Club and Rotary Club in order to inform the world of the 
disaster and Beijing's shoddy handling of the case. 
  He also said he would urge people here to send letters to 
their overseas friends, calling attention to what he said was 
Beijing's reckless attitude toward human life. 
  Meanwhile, Yeh Chi-tien, a singer-turned-legislator, Ko 
Chun- 
hsiung, chairman of the actors association, along with Hung 
Yen-hui, chairman of the recording association, said at a press 
conference that they would call for all Taiwan entertainers to 
stop performing in Mainland China. 
  Yeh said that he would ask the actors association to send 
letters to their counterparts in the United States, Japan and 
Korea for their help in boycotting Beijing. 
  The Chinese New Party sponsored a signature drive to express 
its support and sympathy to the families of the 24 victims and 
as a protest against Beijing. 

