BFN 

  [Text] It is now known that the Pacific Fleet Command is 
planning to move an old TNT-5 tanker carrying a load of liquid 
nuclear waste from Bolshoy Kamen harbor (Maritime Territory) to 
a safer place, possibly Pavolsk Bay. A final decision is to be 
taken this week. The other tanker, TNT-27, also laden with 
nuclear waste, is to stay put at Bolshoy Kamen because experts 
do not put its seaworthiness in question. 
  Last month, the regional committee for nuclear safety 
decided 
to dump a new load of nuclear waste from the TNT-5 tanker in 
prescribed parts of the Sea of Japan, its head Yevgeniy 
Stomatyuik told INTERFAX. The decision follows a deterioration 
of the vessel's state after last winter leading to a number of 
faults in its drainage, pipelines and valves and cracks in its 
engine department, he said. 
  Last October, TNT-27 dumped a load of about 1,000 cubic 
meters of liquid nuclear waste of low radiation levels in to the 
Sea of Japan. 
  At the same time, the regional administration had pledged 
not 
to dump any more waste from the TNT-5 tanker until after the 
question of when and who will finance the construction of a 
reprocessing facility in the region has been resolved. 
  The problem was also high on the agenda of last month's 
meeting by a Russian-Japanese commission of experts. Two 
options were suggested: The facility is to be either sea or 
land-based. 

