CSO 

  [Text] The results of a poll on the European Parliament 
elections conducted in March by the ALCO organization and 
broadcast on 13 April by the "Antenna" radio station showed a 
drop in the popularity of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement 
(PASOK) and of the New Democracy (ND), the stabilization of 
Political Spring and the Communist Party (KKE), as well as a 
popularity increase for the Coalition of the Left for Progress. 
According to the ALCO poll: 

  -  Some 34.9 percent intend to 
vote for PASOK in the Euroelections, 31 percent for the ND, 5 
percent for Political Spring, 4.3 percent for the KKE, and 4.4 
percent for the Coalition. Some 18.4 percent state they are 
undecided, 1 percent say they will vote for another party, 0.6 
percent will cast a blank ballot, and 0.4 percent do not 
answer. 
  -  With regard to the image of political leaders, Prime 
Minister Andreas Papandreou is viewed positively by 45 percent 
and negatively by 36 percent, ND leader Miltiadhis Evert is 
viewed positively by 42 percent and negatively by 31 percent, 
Political Spring leader Andonis Samaras is viewed positively by 
27 percent and negatively by 38 percent, KKE leader Aleka 
Papariga is viewed positively by 13 percent and negatively by 59 
percent, and Coalition leader Nikos Konstandopoulos is viewed 
positively by 33 percent and negatively by 31 percent. 
  -  When 
voters were asked whether they are satisfied with the 
government's course of action, 8 percent say they are "very 
satisfied," 22 percent that they are "satisfied," 29 percent 
that they are "not very satisfied," 37 percent that they are 
"not at all satisfied," and 4 percent do not know. 
  -  National 
issues are seen by 46 percent as the most important problem, 
followed by unemployment (43 percent), high cost of 
living/inflation (42 percent), and economic development (23 
percent). Other problems are education (9 percent), corruption 
(8 percent), crime, health, the environment, social security, 
and the protection of the country's institutions (6 
percent). 
  -  With regard to the Skopje problem, 45 percent believe 
that the PASOK policy is better than the ND's, 22 percent say 
there is no difference, 24 percent say it is worse, and 9 
percent do not answer. 

