Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpts] The ceremonies sanctioning the establishment of 
the Transitional National Assembly and the broad-based 
transitional government, which were scheduled to take place 
yesterday and today respectively, as desired by Dr. 
Jacques-Roger Booh Booh, the UN secretary general's special 
representative in Rwanda, did not take place. There was still 
hope yesterday that the ceremonies might take place today. 
  The commander in chief of the UN Mission for Assistance to 
Rwanda, General Romeo Dallaire, had allowed for a postponement 
of only 24 hours. [passage omitted] 
  The main obstacle in the way of the establishment of the 
transitional institutions, namely the National Assembly and the 
broadbased transitional government, is the problem of divisions 
within some political parties which have been called upon to 
participate in the institutions. The said parties have not 
managed to nominate their representatives for the National 
Assembly and ministers to the transitional broadbased government. 
  There is no sign of the institutions being established 
before 
the scheduled deadlines. We are wondering when the transitional 
institutions will be installed. Will we wait for an end to 
divisions within political parties before we get moving again? 
What is almost sure is that we cannot wait indefinitely for an 
end to these quarrels before we put in place transitional 
institutions, due to the urgency of establishing them. [passage 
omitted] 

