Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Warsaw, Jan. 23 -- The Finance Ministry has prepared 
a draft law which will provide for the control of pay rises 
after the excess wage tax is revoked, Prime Minister Waldemar 
Pawlak told the "Linia Specjalna" TV programme Sunday [23 
January]. The prime minister is not afraid that when the excess 
wage tax is revoked in the second half of 1994, inflation and 
unemployment rate will grow. According to Pawlak, the prepared 
mechanisms will help link the pays with enterprises' incomes and 
inflation will be combatted by collective agreements on pay 
rises between employers and employees. The PM did not disclose 
the details of the law which is scheduled to be passed by the 
end of March. 
  Pawlak announced that the problem of reprivatization will be 
solved in 1994. The passing of the reprivatization law might be 
accelerated by the government submitting a reprivatization bill 
to the Sejm as a matter of urgency. 
  Replying to a charge that official prices have been 
increased, the PM said that the "Wiadomosci" TV news bulletin 
consistently presented the matter from one side only and 
recalled that from January 1 the lowest old age and disability 
pensions were increased and price rises were lower than 
envisaged in the budget assumptions from August 1993. 

