BFN 

  [Text] Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet left Hanoi on Wednesday 
for an official friendship visit to Myanmar [Burma]. Here is a 
review of relations between Vietnam and Myanmar: 
  It is the first official visit to Myanmar by a Vietnamese 
prime minister since the two countries established diplomatic 
relations in 1975. The visit takes place at a time when the two 
countries have viewed advantages for further development. Both 
Vietnam and Myanmar have been undergoing a period of renovation 
and reform and have followed an opened-door policy, a market 
economy, and a foreign policy to befriend all nations. This 
visit is also a part of Vietnam's policy to broaden friendship 
and cooperation with all nations in the region, including 
Myanmar. The visit to Myanmar by the Vietnamese prime minister 
also takes when peace, stability, and cooperation in the 
Asia-Pacific region have been strengthened and consolidated. 
  Though Vietnam and Myanmar officially established diplomatic 
relations in 1975, they have had relations since 1947. In 1958, 
the late Vietnamese President Ho Chi Minh visited Myanmar and 
Myanmar has helped Vietnam in agriculture. Myanmar attaches 
great importance to its relationship and cooperation with 
Vietnam. Most recently, the two countries exchanged delegations 
at ministerial level and have agreed to strengthen cooperation 
in afforestation, agriculture, and exploitation of natural 
resources. Vietnam and Myanmar also wish to join effort with 
other countries along the Mekong River to exploit water 
resources. 
  The visit to Myanmar, the large country of Southeast Asia to 
be visited by a Vietnamese prime minister, will contribute to 
the building of Southeast Asia into a zone of peace, 
cooperation, and stability. 

