BFN 

  [Excerpt] Alain Juppe does not accept that France is 
isolated in its action in Rwanda. For the foreign minister, the 
international community fully backs this humanitarian 
intervention. Alain Juppe: 
  [Begin Juppe recording] The United States has given us its 
full political support. We have also received full political 
support at the United Nations and from a number of other 
countries that are particularly concerned by this operation, and 
also logistical support since the relevant ministries are 
currently considering the modalities of making use of U.S. 
logistic support for the operation. Our European partners have, 
without exception, let us know that they approved our 
initiative. Among the African countries, when we look at the 
declarations of various heads of state and government, the 
support from francophone African states is unanimous. There was 
much comment about so-called opposition from the OAU. I have in 
front of me an OAU declaration in English, which I will 
translate as best I can, it says following: The OAU fully 
understands and appreciates the international community's 
concern, including that of France, over the ongoing carnage in 
Rwanda; the OAU is concerned that the opposition of one of the 
parties might complicate the intervention. What does this mean? 
This means that there was no condemnation, just a consideration 
of the difficulties of this operation. 
  The main problem remains--relations with the Rwandan 
Patriotic Front [RPF]--which views this operation very 
negatively. We have obviously made contact with the leaders of 
the RPF in the last week. To describe what is happening as a 
kind of nondialogue, even aggression by France against the RPF, 
does not correspond to reality. I would be lying if I told you 
that the RPF supported us, but there is a dialogue. [end 
recording] [passage omitted] 

