Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, Feb. 23 KYODO -- Japan lodged a protest 
Wednesday [23 February] against Greece for its decision to close 
a major port to Macedonia [The Former Yugoslav Republic of 
Macedonia -- FYROM]), and called on the nation to solve the 
problem through negotiations, Foreign Ministry officials said. 
  Shigeru Tsumura, deputy director general of the European and 
Oceanian Affairs Bureau of the Foreign Ministry, lodged the 
protest with Greek Ambassador to Japan Yeoryios Sioris, the 
officials said. Tsumura told Sioris Japan is concerned that 
Greece's decision would have a negative influence on peace and 
stability in the Balkan region, the officials said. 
  Greek Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou announced last 
Wednesday it would ban neighboring Macedonia from using the 
Greek port of Salonika, its second largest port, for all but 
humanitarian purposes. The decision was the latest development 
involving Skopje, the capital of the Former Yugoslav Republic of 
Macedonia, which declared independence in 1991. 
  Greece has claimed that the republic's use of the historical 
Greek name "Macedonia" as well as its use of historic Greek 
emblems on its flag, implies territorial claims against the 
northern Greek province of Macedonia. 
  Japan is concerned that conflicts in Bosnia will spread to 
other regions of the former Yugoslavia and so considers it 
important to solve problems involving Albanians in Macedonia, 
Tsumura was quoted as telling Sioris. 
  Tsumura also said Japan is considering offering economic 
assistance to Macedonia, which is affected by U.N. sanctions on 
Serbia and Montenegro, saying economic development and 
improvement of living standards there are essential to maintain 
political stability, they said. 
  Greece issued a statement of protest with Japan in December 
when it gave official recognition to Macedonia. 

