BFN 

  [Text] Santa Fe de Bogota, 20 Jun (EFE) -- Andres Pastrana, 
the Conservative Party candidate who lost the Sunday elections 
for the Colombian Presidency to Liberal Party candidate Ernesto 
Samper, announced today that he has no plans to cooperate with 
the new government. 
  Pastrana declared to Radio Cadena Nacional that, in 
principle, his political group, New Democratic Force (NFD), has 
no interest in "bureaucratic quotas" in the new government, 
which Samper will lead from 7 August until the same date in 1998. 
  After tallying up 97 percent of the votes, Ernesto Samper 
garnered 3,679,632 of the 7,353,846 votes cast (50.3 percent), 
and Pastrana garnered 3,553,146 (48.6 percent). 
  "I believe that one must support the good things for the 
nation, but when we have to criticize the new government we will 
do so," Pastrana noted. The conservative leader added that the 
NFD will "be on the watch" with regard to the new government. 
"During the campaign, Samper said he would only work with those 
who supported his candidacy. Therefore, we have not considered 
it because Samper had previously excluded people," Pastrana 
said. 
  Meanwhile, the president-elect stated that Pastrana's 
campaign "will have to make the decision on what its relations 
with the new government will be." Samper said: "Based on that 
statement, I am willing to consider a possible link between my 
government and the sector that Pastrana represents." 
  Pastrana's group held several government posts in the 
administration of outgoing President Cesar Gaviria, among which 
was the Development Ministry, which is responsible for promoting 
economic openness. 

