BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, 18 Jun (XINHUA) -- The Social and Security 
Special Group under the Preliminary Working Committee of the 
Preparatory Committee of the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region held its fifth meeting at the Hong Kong-Macao Center in 
Beijing from 17 to 18 June. The participants discussed the 
issue of reflux immigration among Hong Kong permanent residents 
who are Chinese citizens. 
  The committee members noted: Chinese citizens among Hong 
Kong's permanent residents who obtain foreign nationality status 
following their emigration before 1997 are no longer Chinese 
citizens. Therefore, they will not be accorded the permanent 
residence status according to the provisions contained in items 
1 and 2, paragraph 2, Article 24 of the Basic Law, but they may 
obtain permanent residence status in accordance with item 4 
under paragraph 2 of Article 24 provided they meet the three 
requirements set in the item. However, in studying this issue, 
it is necessary to take into consideration that the Basic Law 
takes effect on 1 July 1997 and that objective and subjective 
laws stipulating Hong Kong as the place of permanent residence 
will not be enacted until after 1997. This is, in fact, a 
question of transition. Therefore, the British Hong Kong 
Government is urged to revise its "Regulations on the Entry of 
People" as soon as possible in order to make its prescribed 
requirements for permanent residents in complete accord with the 
provisions of the Basic Law. 

