Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["Review and Prospects" Column by staff reporter Liu Guilian </F>
(0491 2710 5571): "China's Shipbuilding Industry Heads for the 
World"] 
  [Text] When the first 100,000 metric ton steamship 
"Yaojin" built by China (China only built the hull) was launched 
in 1958, this paper described it as opening a new chapter of 
China's shipbuilding industry's history. When the first 100,000 
metric ton oceangoing freighter "Dongfeng" designed and built by 
China was checked and accepted by the government in 1968, this 
paper said China has put an end to the historical period in 
which China had to buy ships from abroad because of its 
inability to building big ships. A few days ago, Wang 
Rongsheng, president of the China State Shipbuilding 
Corporation, told this reporter that China has become a big 
shipbuilding country with its shipbuilding tonnage being among 
the highest in the world and its orders received ranking third. 
  The fact that China grew from a country that could only 
build 
small ships and had to buy ships from foreign countries to a 
country that can build big ships and exports a large number of 
ships reflects that China's shipbuilding industry has upgraded 
its products, improved product quality, and adapted itself to 
the change in external and internal markets. 
  Before 1965, China's shipbuilding industry's total 
shipbuilding capacity [zao chuan neng li 6644 5307 5174 0500] 
measured 300,000 metric tons and its annual output [nian chan 
liang 1628 3934 6852] was 80,000 metric tons. And the 80,000 
metric tons was the total tonnage of 517 [figures as published] 
ships so the tonnage of ships was very low. Before reform and 
the open policy were introduced, China had a long way to go to 
match advanced countries in shipbuilding technology because it 
basically built ships behind closed doors though it could build 
100,000 metric ton ships. 
  As China carried out reform and opening to the outside 
world, 
its shipbuilding industry introduced advanced technologies and 
equipment from abroad, and after mastering the technology 
introduced, greatly improved their designing ability, 
shipbuilding skills, and capability to manufacture the main 
engine [zhu ji 0031 2623] for ships, thus lifting China's 
shipbuilding industry to a new stage. In 1992, the China State 
Shipbuilding Corporation's output stood at 1,100,000 metric 
tons, hitting a record high. The output increased to 1,300,000 
metric tons in 1993, up 20 percent. In this period, China built 
a number of large and new types of ships using high technologies 
including container ships, big refrigerated ships, automobile 
transport ships, and liquid petroleum gas transport ships [shi 
you ye hua qi chuan 4258 3111 3210 0553 3086 5307]. These ships 
have reached advanced world level and have been put up for sale 
in the international market in turn. 
  Currently, of the over 70 types of ships exported by China, 
two thirds were designed in China and some types have found a 
ready market abroad. For instance, the 70,000 metric ton bulk 
cargo ship built by the Jiangnan Shipyard, and the 98,000 metric 
ton petroleum products cargo ship [cheng pin you lun 2052 0756 
3111 6544] built by the Dalian Shipyard are reputed as "Jiangnan 
model" and "Dalian model" respectively by international shipping 
circles. These two types of ships have been sold in the 
international market in batch quantities. China's 
ship-designing technology has also began to enter the 
international market. China-made main engines for oceangoing 
ships have been exported to Germany, Italy, the United States, 
and Japan. 
  China's shipbuilding industry vows to rank itself among 
advanced shipbuilding countries in the world by the end of this 
century. To achieve this, it is necessary to make enterprise 
reform a success in the "eighth five-year plan" to lay a sound 
foundation, to improve ship-designing expertise comprehensively, 
to better coordinate operations of relevant sectors, and to 
improve management to enable the shipbuilding industry to make 
new progress. 

