BFN 

  [Text] The Angolan Government has invited OAU Secretary 
General Salim Ahmed Salim to directly participate in the Angolan 
peace talks under way in Lusaka. Foreign Ministry spokesman 
Enercio Cadete said the invitation is contained in a message 
which Foreign Minister Venancio de Moura sent to Salim Ahmed 
Salim in Addis Ababa over the weekend. 
  [Begin Cadete recording] The proposal was made by his 
excellency the president of the Republic of Angola during the 
30th OAU meeting in Tunis. The foreign affairs minister had the 
honor of inviting His Excellency Salim Ahmed Salim, OAU 
secretary general, to actively participate in the process of the 
Angolan peace talks underway in Lusaka under the mediation of UN 
Special Representative Alioune Blondin Beye. In the message to 
his excellency the OAU secretary general, the Angolan foreign 
minister said he was sure that with the participation of this 
prominent figure [words indistinct] ongoing negotiations [word 
indistinct] aimed at quickly obtaining lasting peace and 
national reconciliation, on one hand [words indistinct] 29th 
summit held in Cairo, by creating the OAU Committee, and Ad Hoc 
Subcommittee for southern Africa, its people, and Angola in 
particular. In his message, the foreign minister also says that 
should the OAU secretary general be unable to participate in the 
Angolan peace process, the Angolan Government would welcome any 
OAU official as a special representative of the OAU secretary 
general. [end recording] 

