BFN 

  [Text] The Transitional National Assembly [TNA] yesterday 
approved the draft general budget for fiscal year 1994-95 in its 
second reading. 
  Finance Minister Abdullah Hasan Ahmad, in his commentary on 
the members' deliberations on the budget's general features, 
stressed that the budget achieved all national aims and 
aspirations in revenue and expenditure, as well as dealing with 
the challenge for self-sufficiency. He added that it achieved 
total financing for the agricultural sector, as well as 
supporting the federal system and the poorer strata of society. 
  The finance minister pointed out that the budget contained 
clauses meant to achieve peace and development, and that the 
government was committed to spending in accordance with its real 
revenue earnings, explaining that a clear improvement had 
occurred in revenue. He added that the current budget [words 
indistinct] deficit so as to confront inflation. 
  The finance minister, in his commentary on the budget 
debate, 
presented statistics that dealt with an increase in wage 
averages during the 1990-94 period, which contributed toward 
coping with market inflation. He explained that the government 
provided the different states of the country with strategic 
grain stocks. The finance minister described the effects of 
foreign trade, border trade, and preferential trade on the 
national economy as positive. 
  Mr. Abdullah Hasan Ahmad discussed subsidies, stating that 
the government was subsidizing bread for those who were unable 
to afford it. It had also earmarked further resources for 
subsidizing flour, sugar, petrol, and medicine. 

