BFN 

  [Text] La Paz, 19 May (ANF) -- It was officially announced 
that the government has decided to continue the plan to 
eradicate 3,000 hectares of coca this year and thus receive $20 
million in assistance from the United States. 
  National Social Defense Mario Solz said: "Bolivia urgently 
needs that financial aid to compensate for its balance of 
payments. The government wants to attain its goals without 
implementing forceful programs, but by convincing each coca 
plantation owner," the government official said. 
  According to official eradication figures, between January 
1993 and April 1994, just 2,500 hectares of coca plantations and 
18,000 square meters of coca nurseries were destroyed. 
  Despite the extraordinary U.S. concession, Bolivia was 
unable 
to fulfill its goal of eradicating 5,000 hectares of coca and 
20,000 square meters of nurseries by last March. For this 
reason, the $20 million disbursement was suspended by the United 
States. 
  The executive branch and the Bolivian ambassador to 
Washington have obtained an extension so as not to lose aid 
which is "important for the 1994 balance of payments." 
  Meanwhile, the Alternative Development Under Secretariat has 
reported that it continues its program of paying $2,000 for each 
hectare of eradicated coca crops. In turn, the five federations 
of coca producers have declared "a state of emergency and 
mobilizations in face of an imminent militarization of the 
Chapare region," even though the government and the Armed Forces 
have denied this. 

