BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, April 12 (XINHUA) -- The 1994 China 
International Agricultural New Technology Exposition was 
unveiled here today with products from more than 200 domestic 
and foreign manufacturers on display. 
  "Agro Expo China 94," sponsored by China's Ministry of 
Agriculture, is aimed at promoting international cooperation and 
exchange of agricultural science and technology. 
  Participating in the fair are some 150 foreign manufacturers 
from 19 countries and regions, a ministry official said. Among 
them eight countries -- Germany, the Netherlands, Israel, Italy, 
France, Denmark, Britain and Canada -- have sent government 
delegations to the exhibition. 
  More than 50 domestic manufacturers are exhibiting their 
latest products at the China National Agricultural Exhibition 
Center, where the exposition is being held. 
  The products mainly include ploughing machinery, equipment 
for raising livestock and poultry, agricultural product 
processing equipment, refrigerating and freezing equipment, 
instruments and vaccines. 
  During the five-day exposition, participants are to attend 
15 
seminars on agricultural scientific and technological exchange, 
and Chinese and foreign businessmen will hold talks on projects 
and economic and trade cooperation. 
  The exposition, the third of the biannual event, attracts 
researchers and technicians. According to the organizers, 
China's provinces are expected to send their specialists to the 
fair in order to "exchange experiences and broaden their 
horizons." 

