BFN 

  [Excerpt] This afternoon Foreign Minister Squadron Leader 
Prasong Sunsiri called on Prime Minister Chuan Likphai, 
reportedly to discuss the issue of a member of parliament being 
involved in narcotics trafficking. Speaking to reporters 
afterward, the prime minister said he requested that the foreign 
minister ask the U.S. Embassy for information concerning the 
activities of the MP in question. He pointed out that the 
accused, Thanong, has not been proven guilty: 
  [Begin recording] [Chuan] Based on the information we have, 
at this time he is not being regarded as having committed any 
wrongdoing. Therefore, we must find out what the facts are. In 
my meeting with the foreign minister this morning, we decided to 
request the U.S. Embassy's cooperation in supplying us with 
information. 
  [Unidentified correspondent] What did he report to you? 
  [Chuan] After the news broke, we received information that 
the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration had requested that 
notices be delivered to three people--whose names were given--to 
inform them that their assets in the United States would be 
seized. The notices--sent by the supreme attorney general--were 
delivered to two of these people. The third person could not be 
reached and the letter was mailed to him. [end recording] 
  Meanwhile, the foreign minister said he would instruct the 
Ministry permanent secretary to request information from the 
U.S. Embassy. He said the accusation not only damaged the 
accused but also the country's reputation. [passage omitted] 

