Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Warsaw, Feb. 17 -- President Lech Walesa Thursday 
denied suggestions from reporters he had played an active role 
in the recent crisis in the ruling two-party coalition. The 
president denied that Prime Minister Waldemar Pawlak had 
contacted him in person during the crisis. "We only talked on 
the phone twice and had contact through other persons," Walesa 
explained. 
  Walesa met the press in the Sejm building to explain his 
motives for tabling two draft laws on the adoption of the new 
constitution. He said his role was "to create a platform for 
social participation" in the process of those parties which were 
not represented in parliament. "I know that many segments of 
public opinion are not represented in this parliament, in fact a 
majority of social forces are outside parliament, and the 
president of all Poles must create opportunities for them to 
take part in creating the new constitution," Walesa explained. 
  Asked whether he would support protest actions planned by 
the 
Solidarity trade union, Walesa said it depended on what were 
they about, what were their aims, whether the protests would be 
rational and constructive. 
  Replying to questions, the president revealed he and his 
closest collaborators would soon move their offices to 
Namiestnikowski Palace, a historical edifice renovated 
especially for this purpose. 

