BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Tigran Liloyan] </F>
  [Text] Yerevan May 10 TASS -- Speaking on the Armenian TV 
late on Monday evening, Davil Shakhnazarian, roving ambassador 
under the Armenian president and the republic's acting security 
minister, expressed the hope that the Karabakh conflict would be 
settled shortly, stressing that this required the posting of 
Russian peace-keeping troops in the conflict area. 
  "The withdrawal of Karabakh troops from the occupied Azeri 
territories is out of the question, unless disengagement forces 
are moved into the region, guaranteeing a ceasefire there," he 
stated. 
  "International inspectors are unable to provide such 
guarantees," Shakhnazarian stated. "The disengagement forces 
must come from Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent 
States. These are the realities that we must reckon with," he 
added. 
  Shakhnazarian believes that the Karabakh war is to end soon. 
"This war," he stressed, "can have only one end -- a lasting and 
guaranteed peace," he noted, stressing that "the present Azeri 
leadership has today come closer to a ceasefire than ever 
before". 
  "All the world recognises Nagorno-Karabakh as an independent 
military-political factor in the region," the Armenian 
president's representative said. "Azerbaijan will also recognise 
this soon," he is convinced. 
  Nevertheless, Shakhanazarian believes that Baku continues to 
pin hopes on a military settlement of the Karabakh problem. "The 
Azeri leadership's stand is changing constantly, shifting from 
one extremity to another. Such an unstable foreign policy line 
does not add confidence in the authorities of that republic in 
the world," Shakhnazaryan noted. 
  "Armenia will go on backing Nagorno-Karabakh in everything," 
he stated, admitting that many Armenian volunteers were fighting 
in Karabakh. There must be more Armenian volunteers there, and 
they must come from all over the world," Shakhnazarian believes. 

