CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Liu Yong (0491 0516) and Hai Yan (3189 3601): </F>
"Shandong Sets Economic Pace for Nation"] 
  [Text] By grasping opportunities and deepening reform, 
Shandong has achieved sustained and steady economic growth, 
consolidating its lead over the country in 1993 by every 
economic indicator. 
  Shandong's gross provincial product reached 270,088,000,000 
yuan in 1993, second only to Guangdong's 314 billion yuan, up 
24.2 percent from a year ago and 11 percentage points higher 
than the national average. Shandong topped the nation in both 
the increase in gross agricultural output value and the gross 
agricultural output value, reaching 59.6 billion yuan and 99.4 
billion yuan, respectively. Its gross agricultural output value 
rose 14.3 percent, a full 10.6 percentage points higher than the 
national average, making Shandong far and away the leader in the 
nation. A bumper harvest was recorded for all major agricultural 
crops with the exception of cotton. Grain output broke the 40 
million ton barrier to hit 41 million tons, just a tad lower 
than Sichuan's 41,506,000 tons. While Shandong ranked second in 
grain output nationwide, it led the country in oil-bearing crop 
output and aquatic output, reaching 2,684,000 tons and 3,193,000 
tons, respectively. 
  The secondary industry increased its output value to 144.2 
billion yuan in 1993, below Guangdong's 156 billion yuan and 
Jiangsu's 150.5 billion yuan, respectively, making Shandong the 
third-placed province in the country, the same position it held 
last year. Gross industrial output value at the township level 
and above climbed 35.7 percent, the second fastest in all China, 
to 342.91 billion yuan, the third largest. Township-run industry 
grew by leaps and bounds last year, achieving an output value of 
104,287,000,000 yuan, the second largest in China. The mix of 
products was continuously adjusted and optimized. Among major 
industrial products, Shandong again topped the nation in the 
amount of electricity generated and crude salt and soda ash 
output and placed second in crude oil, cement, and cloth output. 
  By increasing investments and giving it preferential 
support, 
Shandong has helped its tertiary industry achieve robust growth. 
The industry's output value grew 66.2 billion yuan, or 32.5 
percent, in 1993, second only to Guangdong, marking the first 
time it expanded faster than either the primary or the secondary 
industry in the last decade. Already the development lag between 
it and the other two counties has begun to shrink. 
  The scale of capital construction expanded and the 
distribution became more reasonable. Investment in capital 
construction province-wide amounted to 25.8 billion yuan in 
1993, the fourth largest in China. Of the total investment of 
25.8 billion yuan, production-oriented investment made up 17.05 
billion yuan, the third largest in the nation, while 
non-production-oriented investment accounted for 8.75 billion 
yuan, the fifth largest. The drive by the provincial finance 
office to increase revenue and cut spending was remarkably 
successful. The province collected 19,443,000,000 yuan in 
revenue, the seventh largest, and spent 18,846,000,000 yuan, the 
fourth largest. 
  Circulation channels were unimpeded and prices rose less 
rapidly than elsewhere in the country. Gross social commodity 
retail sales in the province amounted to 99,384,000,00 yuan, the 
third largest in the nation. At 110.7 percent, Shandong's 
general retail price index was lower than the national average 
of 113.2 percent, securing for Shandong the 27th spot among the 
29 provinces and municipalities in the country. 

