Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Natalya Abakumova report in the "Conflict" column: "The </F>
Ossetian-Ingush Talks Cannot Get Off the Ground"] 
  [Text] Vladimir Lozovoy, head of the provisional 
administration in the emergency rule zone on the territory of 
North Ossetia and Ingushetia, has stated, according to INTERFAX, 
that the situation in the conflict zone has been stabilized and 
human losses minimized. True, this has called for several tens 
of billions of rubles in direct expenditures from Russia. Mr. 
Lozovoy described the Ingush side's position on the return of 
the refugees as "unconstructive." In his opinion, the Ingushi 
are trying to force the relocation of refugees to Prigorodnyy 
Rayon in North Ossetia. "At the same time we have been very 
worried by the unwillingness of the Ossetian side to sit down at 
the negotiating table on this question prior to republican 
presidential elections," Vladimir Lozovoy noted. 
  Yesterday North Ossetia demanded the promulgation of a 
political and legal assessment of the October-November 1992 
events in the republic's Prigorodnyy Rayon, as a result of which 
some 500 people died, before the presidential talks are to begin. 
  President Yeltsin, concerned about with situation in the 
conflict zone, stated at a meeting with representatives of the 
Almaz women's Russian-speaking movement that he intends to 
enforce the edict. Furthermore, according to Ingushetia's 
permanent mission in Moscow, the president is going to visit the 
republic on 23 February, the anniversary of the deportation of 
the Ingush people in 1944. 

