BFN 

  [Text] Tallinn, Apr 15, BNS -- Accusations of human rights 
abuses and of plans of massive deportations brought against 
Estonia at a meeting of the Congress of Russian Communities in 
Moscow on Apr. 12 are political fiction, Estonian Population 
Affairs Minister Peeter Olesk said. 
  Olesk in an interview with BNS reminded that the accusers 
themselves are having much to be ashamed of in their own actions 
in the past, referring to Russia's centuries-old practice of 
deportation of people from occupied territories. 
  "They are now turning their own fears and sins against the 
country whose territory they are still partly keeping under 
control, by keeping their army here," the Estonian minister said. 
  The Congress of Russian Communities at the Moscow meeting 
addressed to the Russian president and the government an appeal 
from Estonia's Russian community, criticizing the policies of 
the Estonian authorities and calling for Moscow's help. 
  The document accuses Estonia of plans to start a massive 
deportation of its Russian-speakers, for which, it claims, 
concentration camps are being set up and a police special force 
created in the country. 
  "The Estonian people have repeatedly suffered massive 
deportations at least from the time of the Livonian war 
(1558-83) up until this century. This is a background that the 
West doesn't know or doesn't attach proper significance to, and 
it is our task to always remind of it," Olesk said. 
  The minister also underscored that emissaries from Estonia's 
regions of major Russian settlement who now frequent in Moscow 
to blame Estonia have no proper mandate, since they do not 
represent all Russians living in Estonia. 
  "On several occasions, Estonia's legitimate ethnically 
Russian citizens have asked me what kind of right does some of 
such emissaries have to speak in the name of all Russians living 
here," Olesk added. 

