Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS correspondent Igor Galkin] </F>
  [Text] Moscow February 9 TASS -- Anatoliy Chubays, Russian 
deputy prime minister and privatization chief, suggested that 
Moscow Mayor Yuriy Luzhkov opposed large-scale privatization in 
the capital for political considerations. Chubays told a 
special briefing on Wednesday that Luzhkov's criticism of 
privatization was most likely prompted by the fact that 
presently he is launching his own presidential campaign. The 
best way of conducting an election campaign is certainly 
vehement criticism which never fails to yield political 
dividends. 
  But this was not the only reason for Luzhkov's behaviour, 
according to Chubays. The Moscow mayor may also resist 
privatization because it would deprive him of the property 
Luzhkov would not like to let go. While privatization aims to 
snatch this property from the hands of state officials and to 
transfer it to 150 million holders of privatization checks. 
  The State Property Committee chief told reporters that only 
12 large businesses had floated their capital in Moscow during 
the past two years, which amounts to 2 per cent of enterprises 
subject to privatization. Chubays qualified this as a complete 
failure of large-scale privatization in the Russian capital. 
  As for small privatization in Moscow, the deputy prime 
minister said it had been carried out illegally. Almost all 
assets of shops and stores were transferred to salesmen 
virtually for next to nothing. As a result, Moscow lost tens of 
billion of roubles of potential revenues. 
  Chubays said he would demand that Moscow leaders strictly 
observe the laws, decrees and resolutions pertaining to 
privatization, including through court. 

