BFN 

<F P=106> [By correspondent Chen Yonghong (7115 3057 4767)] </F>
  [Text] Beijing, 12 Apr (XINHUA) -- Vice Premier and 
Foreign Minister Qian Qichen said during his meeting with 
Russian Vice Foreign Minister Alexsandr Panov: A series of 
visits scheduled to be exchanged between China and Russian this 
year will further promote the development of relations between 
the two countries. 
  During the meeting, Qian Qichen and Panov had a friendly 
conversation on bilateral relations and international issues of 
common concern. 
  Qian Qichen said: Russia is a large country that plays an 
important role in international affairs. China always puts its 
relations with Russia in an extremely important position [shi 
fen zhong yao de di wei 0577 0433 6850 6008 4104 0966 0143] in 
foreign policy. In recent years, friendly relations and 
cooperation between the two countries have developed steadily 
and healthily in various fields. 
  Qian Qichen pointed out: The development of friendly and 
good- neighborly relations between China and Russia not only 
benefits the two countries themselves, but also constitutes a 
stabilizing factor for the Asia-Pacific region and the world as 
a whole. 
  Qian Qichen expressed his belief that Sino-Russian relations 
will be further developed through joint efforts. 
  Panov expressed his satisfaction with the positive results 
of 
his current visit to China, holding that Russia-China relations 
will become better and better. 
  Vice Foreign Minister Dai Bingguo held talks with Panov on 
bilateral relations and other issues of common concern this 
afternoon. 

