BFN 

  [Excerpts] Bonn -- Germany and Japan want to expand their 
relations and coordinate their policies on international issues 
more closely. Japan's new Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata and 
Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel agreed in Bonn on Thursday [5 May] 
that Russia's reform course and the Central and Eastern European 
countries must be supported by both countries. According to the 
Foreign Ministry, they consider the unsolved nuclear problem in 
North Korea -- Pyongyang is refusing inspectors of the 
International Atomic Energy Agency access to its nuclear 
facilities -- a threat to the worldwide concern for 
non-proliferation. 
  Coordination of policies also includes both Germany's and 
Japan's efforts to obtain permanent seats on the UN Security 
Council. Hata and Kinkel pointed out that the United Nations' 
role in conflict prevention and peacekeeping has increased 
enormously worldwide. They stressed their intention to give the 
United Nations every support in fulfilling this task. 
  Hata, who was welcomed with military honors by Federal 
Chancellor Helmut Kohl, had been in Rome and Paris before coming 
to Germany for a two-day visit. Before going on to Brussels on 
Friday, he will meet with North Rhine-Westphalian Minister 
President Johannes Rau. 
  Beside bilateral relations, the topics Hata discussed with 
Kohl included both countries' wish to step up trade, which 
amounted to 45.3 billion German marks [DM] last year. The FRG's 
foremost aim is to reduce the DM17 billion deficit. In this 
connection, the Federal Government and German industry are 
mainly interested in the Japanese markets being opened to 
exports. [passage omitted] 
  Hata and Kinkel stressed that both their countries show 
signs 
of economic recovery. The relationship between Germany and 
Japan is "friendly and free of problems." 

