BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Samuel Prieto Rodriguez; from the "Early News" </F>
newscast] 
  [Text] Tijuana Judicial Police agents arrested Sergio Ortiz 
Lara, deputy attorney general of the Baja California Government. 
He is being accused of providing support and protection to drug 
traffickers of the so-called Tijuana Cartel. The investigations 
could implicate him in the recent assassination of Federico 
Benitez Lopez, who was public security director in Tijuana. 
  Diego Valadez, attorney general of the republic, reported 
the 
arrest of the deputy attorney general of Baja California, Sergio 
Ortiz Lara, who was charged with association with criminal 
intent, abuse of authority against the administration of 
justice, and assisting in the escape of prisoners. He is 
accused of sheltering drug trafficker Ismael Higuera Guerrero, 
alias El Mayel, who headed the Arellano Felix band in the 3 
March assassination of Alejandro Castaneda, commander of the 
Federal Judicial Police. 
  [Begin Valadez recording] The incidents we have pointed out 
have taken place within a context of violence ranging from the 
confrontation between drug traffickers at Cristine discotheque 
in Puerto Vallarta to the recent murder of the Tijuana public 
security director, Federico Benitez Lopez. [end recording] 
  Diego Valadez said that in this context, in the preliminary 
investigations initiated on 3 March, the authorities must 
determine if the late Benitez Lopez had information that could 
lead to the arrest of Ortiz Lara and other officials in other 
crimes such as possible participation in issuing credentials to 
well-known drug traffickers. As for reports on a possible link 
in this case to the assassination of Luis Donaldo Colosio, the 
attorney general of the republic said there is no evidence of 
that. 

