Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Roxana Rodriguez] </F>
  [Text] Eduardo Vallarino, Christian Democratic Party [PDC] 
presidential candidate, said yesterday "the United States has 
not yet ratified the Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty between 
Panama and the United States, because that country's Senate 
distrusts Panamanian authorities. [no closing quotation mark as 
published] 
  Vallarino said the economic stagnation as well as 
nonratification of the treaty, which promotes the exchange of 
drug-trafficking data between the two countries, are due to a 
great extent to the distrust of certain senators toward 
Panamanian authorities. 
  The candidate said certain senators fear information given 
to 
Panamanian authorities could end up directly in the hands of 
drug traffickers. 
  Vallarino underscored he cannot pass judgment on this, 
because he cannot say Panamanian authorities would indeed be 
capable of supplying information to drug traffickers. The bad 
thing is, he added, that there is doubt about our officials 
abroad and that there is the belief that a treaty of this nature 
should not be signed, because we do not deserve to be trusted. 
  The Christian Democratic candidate said the country has to 
make the work of the judicial branch and Public Prosecutor's 
Office more credible in order to neutralize the scourge of drug 
trafficking and to prevent Panamanians' association with drug 
trafficking. 
  He added Panama must establish special corps to fight drug 
trafficking, because the most serious national security threat 
facing this country is the financial power drug traffickers and 
money launderers have used to buy public institutions and even 
political processes in many countries. 
  In conclusion, Vallarino said if Panama fails to adopt 
measures in this regard, we could end up being bought 
politically by drug traffickers and money launderers. 

