BFN 

<F P=106> [Zhanna Trofimova report under the "Lobby" rubric: </F>
"`Siberian Agreement' Enhances Its Status. Now It Is Better 
Positioned To Take Part in the Allocation of Money From the 
Federal Budget"] 
  [Text] The council of the "Siberian Agreement" 
Interregional Association, which includes representatives of 
legislative and executive authorities of 19 Federation 
components, ended its meeting 26 June at the village of 
Listvyanka on Lake Baykal. The meeting was attended by the 
chairmen of the Federal Assembly chambers and members of the 
Russian Government. The meeting's main result was the 
ratification of the General Agreement between the government and 
organizations ensuring Russia's economic coordination. 
According to Sergey Shakhray, "chiefs of Siberian regions 
managed to make significant headway in solving the problems of 
economic coordination." 
  In particular, the General Agreement gives the economic 
associations the right to take part in the consideration of the 
draft federal budget and the taxation policy program with regard 
to the regions. In addition, the territories were granted the 
right to set up their own banking networks. The General 
Agreement points out the need to adjust the Law on the Central 
Bank taking into account the interests of Russian Federation 
components. "Siberian Agreement" experts will from now on be 
involved in the preparation of draft laws and other enforceable 
enactments by Federation Council committees. 
  Association chiefs were tasked with resolving together with 
the central authorities the problem of setting tariffs for 
electric power and railway transport. The meeting also approved 
the draft law "On the Environmental-Economic Region of Altay," 
the creation of the "Sibagromash," and backed the idea of 
forming a food market in the region in 1994. 

