BFN 

  [Text] Cape Town June 10 SAPA -- There could be room for 
privatisation in South Africa but it should not be regarded as a 
panacea, minister of trade and industry Mr Trevor Manuel said on 
Friday [10 June]. Addressing a press conference at the World 
Economic Forum summit in Cape Town he said that for a number of 
people in the world privatisation was an ideological instrument. 
"If that is the objective then clearly it has no future and 
clearly it is going to come unstuck in the same way 
nationalisation came unstuck," he said. If any of South Africa's 
commercialised institutions could be disposed of for specific 
objectives, such as raising capital or advancing affirmative 
action, this would have to be looked at on merit. But we don't 
believe in magic wands," he said. 
  He indicated that bodies such as Eskom [Electricity Supply 
Commission] and the South African Commuter Rail Corporation 
could not be privatised because they were needed as parastatals 
to address imbalances caused by years of apartheid. However, 
there could be other entities that might garner a different view 
from the government. 
  "I've said before, I don't feel passionately attached to 
Mossgas [Mossel Bay Gas Project]. The problem is that those 
offering privatisation as a method is that they are not 
interested in Mossgas because it is a loss-maker," he added. 

