BFN 

  [Text] Chisinau, BASAPRESS, 13/6/1994 -- The Christian 
Democratic People's Front [FPCD] called together yesterday about 
5,000 people in a rally at the Great National Assembly Square. 
Party representatives discussed the social, economic and 
political situation in Moldova. This manifestation of the 
opposition is the first since the 27 February Parliamentary 
elections, said the organizers. It was stated that the economic 
recession, which the present rulers cannot stop, has severely 
affected the vast majority of the population, and the standard 
of living has reached its lowest level. Numerous social strata 
are under the poverty limit. FPCD deputy Eugeniu Garla, member 
of the parliamentary commission for budget and finance, said the 
industrial production for the first quarter of 1994 fell by 28 
percent compared to the same period of 1993, the production of 
mass consumption goods 37 percent and of non-alimentary goods 41 
percent. If this decline continues, by the end of the year 
Moldova's national revenue will be halved, Garla asserts. The 
participants also touched on the problem of freedom of 
expression in Moldova. Stefan Secareanu, editor-in-chief of the 
weekly TARA [THE COUNTRY], a FPCD leader, told BASA that the 
draft law on press due to be debated in Parliament "is the 
clearest sign of the reinstallment of communist dictatorship in 
Moldova." This document "violates a basic human right, that is 
the freedom of speech," Secareanu said. Despite the Chisinau 
Mayor's decree, the FPCD leaders organized the manifestation in 
the Great National Assembly Square. One of the speakers at the 
meeting warned that if celebrations devoted to Moldova's 
liberation from fascist occupation take place, the FPCD 
followers will organize protests. 

