BFN 

  [Text] Warsaw, May 31 -- Poland will endeavour to further 
normalise financial and credit relations with Japan, which 
Poland believes, will activate economic and trade contacts 
between the two countries, Minister for Foreign Economic 
Relations Leslaw Podkanski said Tuesday opening the 15th session 
of economic committees Poland-Japan and Japan-Poland. 
  Addressing representatives of leading industries, trade 
companies and banks of the two countries Podkanski said that 
without a broader opening of Japanese and other foreign markets 
to Polish products and without a larger inflow of foreign 
capital "the final success of Polish reforms may become 
doubtful." 
  The Polish Government will continue to create the best 
possible conditions for the development of foreign trade and 
investments, Podkanski said adding that "stabilisation and 
harmonious economic development in Poland and in this region is 
our priority both in the political, economic and social plane." 
  Japanese Ambassador to Poland Nagao Hyodo said that since 
1990 trade turnover between the two countries have been 
decreasing. Out of 13,000 foreign investments in Poland there 
is only 19 Japanese ones. According to Hyodo, 1994 will see a 
beginning of a new phase of cooperation between Poland and Japan. 
  He recalled the statement of the Japanese minister of 
international trade and industry on the Japanese Government's 
readiness to unblock government guarantees for short-term trade 
and long-term investment credits for Poland, presented at the 
Warsaw east-west conference in May. 
  Makoto Kikegawa, head of the Japanese association for trade 
with Russia and Central and Eastern Europe, claims that the 
decrease of Japanese exports to Poland is due to a diminishing 
demand for consumer goods in Poland, the Polish tariffs, and a 
drop of competitiveness of Japanese goods. 
  According to Japanese experts, a decrease of competitiveness 
of Polish goods and the economic recession in Japan are 
responsible for a drop in Polish exports to Japan. 

