BFN 

<F P=106> [Editorial: "Who Should We Believe on the Issue of </F>
Inflation?"] 
  [Text] Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Planning Dr. 
Kamal al-Janzuri admitted before the Consultative Council 
yesterday that the rate of inflation in Egypt has reached 15 
percent. We do not think that the man made a mistake, because 
he has a strong memory and remembers all the figures of the 
budget and plans and even the entire five-year plan. 
  Because the man did not make a mistake, we would like to ask 
where Prime Minister Dr. 'Atif Sidqi got the figure that he 
announced about a month ago, which was that the inflation rate 
is 7 percent. A mistake can be made about 1 or 2 percent, but 
such a big difference is not a mistake at all. It shows that 
there is something definitely wrong in the figures that the 
government announces. 
  The figure announced by Dr. al-Janzuri is the same one that 
was announced before by Dr. Salah Hamid, the governor of the 
Central Bank, who was relieved of his post because of it. 
  We have a right to ask about the truth and for the people to 
learn the real inflation figure, because it is in the light of 
this rate that interests on loans and deposits are calculated 
and the percentage of the periodic cost of living allowance is 
determined, which happens in civilized countries. 
  Yes, we want to know. Who should we believe, the prime 
minister or his deputy, the former Central Bank governor or the 
IMF? 
  The inflation rate in any country is well known not only to 
financial dealers and businessmen but to the simple man on the 
street and the union members. This is because prices and wages 
are determined on the basis of this rate. We must put an end to 
this contradiction between senior officials. 
  Yes, we want the truth and nothing but the truth, O 
Government of Egypt. 

