Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Ana Julieta Cardenas] </F>
  [Text] The president of the Republic has issued an 
ultimatum to the businessmen of the National Transportation 
Coordinator, the umbrella organization under which heavy cargo 
transport and transportation of passengers outside urban areas 
is grouped. 
  [Begin recording, in progress] [De Leon] ...no deadline. We 
are announcing the government's position, which must be heeded. 
We are not proposing -- we are announcing the decision of the 
Council of Ministers. This is our position, and this is the 
position they will have to deal with. 
  [Unidentified reporter] [Words indistinct] 
  [De Leon] This is due to ongoing illegalities. The fact 
[words indistinct] our situation, that we announce the 
government's position, the policy set by the government of the 
Republic, does not mean that no illegal actions are taking place 
with consequences that, in some cases, range from misdemeanors 
to crimes. Therefore, we have asked the Attorney General's 
Office to participate, but at this moment, we are stating the 
position of the government of the Republic. We are not setting 
a deadline but responding to the interests of the people of 
Guatemala. [end recording] 
  You have heard President of the Republic Ramiro de Leon 
Carpio, who said that if the businessmen do not sit down at the 
negotiations table today and accept the government's only 
proposal, it will be necessary to send security forces to guard 
the transportation of heavy cargo and provide transportation 
services to the population. 

