Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Miguel Mora from the "Extravision" newscast] </F>
  [Text] Both the Army and the 3-80 Northern Front 
acknowledge that there is great resolve to reach a solution in 
advance of the negotiations that will be held by the two sides 
on Monday [21 February] in Ciudad Antigua, Nueva Segovia 
Department. 
  On Monday, the 3-80 Northern Front's Council of Commanders, 
the EPS [Sandinist People's Army] staff, the OAS-CIAV 
[International Commission of Support and Verification], the 
Verification Commission of Cardinal Obando y Bravo, and Esteli 
Bishop Msgr. Abelardo Mata will begin the first of a series of 
meetings that will have the objective of demobilizing the 3-80 
Northern Front. In letters to each other, General Humberto 
Ortega and El Chacal [3-80 Northern Front leader Jose Angel 
Talavera] expressed mutual confidence in heading down the road 
toward disarmament. 
  [Begin recording] [3-80 Northern Front leader known as 
Esteban, in progress] ...the willingness of both the EPS staff 
and himself in guaranteeing us our safety to enable us to 
proceed toward our disarmament. We have viewed this as 
positive, but we obviously have to establish the mechanisms for 
this to take place. 
  [Humberto Ortega] We will maintain the truce. We will 
provide every facility so the CIAV and the cardinal's 
Verification Commission can create the conditions to establish 
direct contacts with them. In the short-term, we hope -- as all 
Nicaraguans want -- that they will rejoin the country's normal 
life, with all the guarantees I reiterated to Talavera and his 
people in my letter to him. [end recording] 
  Nevertheless, in the nine demands that the recontras 
presented, they asked for participation in police commands in 
Jinotega, Nueva Segovia, Quilali, El Jicaro, Murra, San Juan del 
Rio Coco, Yali, Pantasma, Ciudad Antigua, La Concordia, San 
Rafael del Norte, El Cua, Mancotal, and Bocay. They also 
demanded the demilitarization of northern Nicaragua. 
  [Begin recording] [Esteban, in progress] ...Nicaragua. 
Therefore, the police should be the ones to provide security to 
this entire area. 
  [Unidentified reporter] When you speak of the north, what 
areas are you talking about? 
  [Esteban] We are talking about Matagalpa, Jinotega, Nueva 
Segovia, and Esteli. [end recording] 
  The 3-80 Northern Front is practically demanding that it be 
given police and military control of a large part of Region 1. 
In Murra, they do not want to see any soldiers. They are 
demanding a maximum of 60 EPS members in the other 
municipalities. Referring to the demands of the recontras, Gen. 
Humberto Ortega said that in times of peace, few soldiers are 
needed. 
  [Begin recording] [Ortega] To the extent that total peace is 
achieved, the Army will not need to deploy troops. The number 
of troops we have is quite above what should really exist 
permanently in the various areas -- in this case, in the 
country's north. Once Chacal's group disbands and the problem 
of armed groups substantially eases, we will not need to have an 
excess number of troops in those areas. 
  [CIAV representative Sergio Caramagna] This is progress. A 
strong willingness exists, and this is essential to begin 
reaching a solution. [end recording] 
  One's attention is drawn to the fact that the recontras are 
not asking for the presence of any civilian authority and, for 
the first time, prefer to talk, face to face, with those they 
confronted in combat in the past. 

