BFN 

  [Text] Hanoi VNA May 2 -- Islamic leader A. Khamene'i 
received in Tehran this morning President Le Duc Anh, who is on 
an official friendship visit to Iran. 
  Islamic leader A. Khamene'i welcomed the Iran visit of 
President Le Duc Anh and his entourage and expressed his 
pleasure at the fine development of the cooperative relations 
between the two countries, as well as his confidence that the 
friendly cooperative relations between Vietnam and Iran in the 
fields of trade, economy, scientific technology and culture will 
be further consolidated and promoted. 
  For his part, President Le Duc Anh thanked the Islamic 
leader 
for his warm reception and told him that Vietnam's persuing a 
foreign policy to be friend with all countries and believed that 
the friendly cooperative relations between the two countries 
would be broadened and developed. 
  During his stay in Tehran, President Le Duc Anh received 
Iranian Foreign Minister A. Velayati who paid him a courtesy 
visit at the presidential guest house. 
  The minister informed President Le Duc Anh of the results of 
the talks between Vietnam and Iranian foreign ministers during 
which they had reviewed the relations between the two countries 
over the past time and discussed measures to establish a joint 
commission for commercial, economic, and scientific and 
technological cooperation between the two countries. 
  President Le Duc Anh expressed his satisfaction at the new 
step of development of relations between Vietnam and Iran, and 
believed that these relations would be further consolidated and 
developed to be mutual multi-sided cooperative ties, thus making 
contributions to the trend of peace, stability, and development 
in the region and the world as a whole. 

