Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Philippe Berkenbaum report: "Belgacom Seeks a Partner -- </F>
Introduction on the Bourse"] 
  [Excerpt] No longer say "privatization" with regard to 
Belgacom, say "strategic consolidation." That is the term used 
by the government since yesterday to describe the future of the 
former RTT [Telegraph and Telephone Administration]. At an 
extraordinary cabinet meeting, the Dehaene team settled this 
issue, which has been generating rumors for months. The state 
will keep control of the public enterprise and sell a maximum of 
49 percent of it according to a timetable that has not yet been 
drawn up. But, the prime minister explained, "the main part of 
the yield will come in 1995-1996 rather than in 1994." 
  What the government decided yesterday is in fact to proceed 
to the selection of one or several industrial partners for 
Belgacom. Supporting the analysis of Communications Minister 
Elio Di Rupo, it intends to strengthen the Belgian operator to 
enable it to face competition. This competition is already 
appearing, especially in the sphere of international 
communications, but will be complete from 1998, according to the 
European Council's decision. On that date, national 
telecommunications monopolies in Europe will come to an end. To 
survive, Belgacom will have to form an alliance with other 
operators. [passage omitted] 

