Language: <F P=105> Japanese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Hisashi Owada, Japan's new ambassador to the </F>
United Nations, by SANKEI SHIMBUN Editorial Board member Hiroaki 
Saeki; place and date not given -- first paragraph is SANKEI 
SHIMBUN introduction] 
  [Text] In an interview with SANKEI SHIMBUN Editorial Board 
member Hiroaki Saeki, Hisashi Owada, who has assumed the post of 
Japan's ambassador to the United Nations, has spoken about his 
views on the reorganization of the United Nations and Japan's 
bid for a permanent membership in the UN Security Council. 
  [Saeki] Would you describe your aspirations upon assuming 
the 
post of Japan's ambassador to the United Nations? 
  [Owada] The world is searching for a new order following the 
collapse of the Cold War structure. I want to think seriously 
about how the United Nations will be able to return to its 
spirit and role at the time of its founding and how it will 
transform itself into an effective international organization 
that safeguards world peace and safety. 
  [Saeki] What do you think of reorganizing the United Nations 
and of Japan's bid for a permanent membership in the UN Security 
Council? 
  [Owada] It is necessary to strengthen the United Nations. A 
new world order should be an order under which major powers 
cooperate with each other. Japan has a great role to play. The 
UN Security Council is the most important body. It is important 
for UN member nations to use the UN Security Council while 
fulfilling their responsibilities. 
  [Saeki] It is said that Japan's personnel contributions are 
small compared to its financial contributions. What do you think? 
  [Owada] Japan's financial contributions must neither be 
downplayed nor be regarded as a wrong course. I do not mean that 
it is enough only if Japan makes financial contributions. It is 
important for Japan to cooperate multilaterally with the United 
Nations. 
  [Saeki] Like Japan, Germany intends to join the UN Security 
Council as a permanent member while indicating its resolve to 
fulfill its responsibility as a permanent member like other UN 
Security Council members. What do you think? 
  [Owada] Generally speaking, I believe Japan intends to join 
the UN Security Council with the same resolve as Germany. Japan 
is greatly expected to fulfill its responsibility as a permanent 
member of the UN Security Council for world peace and prosperity. 
  [Saeki] Should Japan not participate in the UN Peacekeeping 
Force (PKF), as well as the PKO [peacekeeping opeations)? 
  [Owada] I think that the PKO has the original mission of 
ensuring peace. It is important for Japan to fully cooperate 
with the PKO, as well as the PKF. 
  [Saeki] How do you see Japan-U.S. relations? 
  [Owada] The American society is faced with major problems. 
President Clinton pledged to reconstruct and change the United 
States when he took office, but he thinks of reconstructing the 
U.S. economy as the most important mission of his 
administration. It is important for Japan to respond with 
sincerity to the President's efforts. 
  [Saeki] Professor (Kurchis) at the University of Columbia 
has 
said: "It is important for Japan to open its market before 
joining the UN Security Council as a permanent member and making 
its contributions to tackling the global environmental problems." 
  [Owada] What is important is whether Japan intends to do 
something useful for the international community. Economic 
contributions do not mean manufacturing goods. What is important 
is that Japan's economic contributions must serve to make its 
economy cooperate closely with economies of other nations to 
generate affluence. 

