Language: <F P=105> Italian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The Fiat Research Center (CRF) database on plastic 
and metallic materials will be made available to all those who 
are interested in these topics. The new service was made 
possible thanks to the collaboration of the CFR, and the 
Supercomputing Center of Piedmont, a consortium established by 
the Piedmont regional government, the Turin provincial and 
municipal authorities, the Polytechnic, the Industrialists 
Union, Federpiemonte, and CSI of Piedmont, which works for the 
diffusion and use of computing systems and methods for the 
certification and qualification of projects and products. 
  Users can access the database via modem or via data 
transmission networks such as Internew, Decnet, and Itapac X25. 
The catalog on metals of industrial interest contains 2,000 
files with information on: materials, thermal treatments, how 
tests have been performed. The files on plastic materials (over 
5,000), produced by the leading 100 companies in the world 
provide the mechanical, chemical-physical, thermal and electric 
features of the plastics listed. 
  The two tools are directed primarily to the 10,000 small and 
medium-sized Italian industries that are interested in these 
fields including designers, components companies, and research 
institutes to whom they offer information that will be 
constantly updated, that will state how materials respond to 
tests, and that compare the performance of various materials. 
For example, tests on metallic materials have been developed to 
provide, in addition to features of yield and hardness, the 
stress resistance properties that are necessary for designers 
and those testing mechanical instruments and structures 
submitted to variable dynamic loads. The CRF databases will 
soon be translated into English. 

