Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Ljubljana, March 15 (TANJUG) -- Prime Minister Janez 
Drnovsek of Slovenia and his closest aides have denied President 
Milan Kucan's allegations that illegal para-intelligence 
services operate in the republic and termed the allegations 
"paranoid." 
  "According to the information gathered and checked so far, 
there is no evidence of the existence of illegal intelligence 
services," a statement issued on Tuesday by the so-called 
political coordination, headed by Drnovsek, said. 
  The government thus refuted Kucan's statement that 
"para-intelligence services in Slovenia keep under surveillance 
top state officials, some journalists, and other eminent 
personalities, and are ready to liquidate them." 
  The Slovene prime minister and his aides also rejected 
Kucan's statements in the more recent months about the nascent 
fascism and other negative phenomena in Slovenia, including 
mounting corruption, disqualifications of politicians and the 
like. 
  Kucan on February 16 officially informed Drnovsek and 
parliament President Herman Rigelnik that he had reliable 
information that Defence Minister Janez Jansa was plotting a 
state coup. 
  No coup has been staged, but the government has failed to 
provide any thorough explanation of the case, which is most 
likely at the core of the so-called intelligence 
misunderstandings between the president and the prime minister's 
most reliable team. 
  Slovenia has in the meantime grown more risky for foreign 
investors, according to the latest poll conducted by the 
prestigious financial review Euromoney. 
  Confidence in Slovenia's economy and economic policy is at 
its lowest since the republic seceded from the former Yugoslav 
Federation. 
  The confidence will further be eroded by a continued drop in 
the anyway inadequate foreign capital investments, and, as 
economic experts set out, the too slow implementation of reforms 
and the country's excessively high debt to a consortium of 
foreign banks. 

