BFN 

<F P=106> [By 'Abd-al-Jabbar al-Barghuthi] </F>
  [Text] Ramallah -- Fatah in the occupied territories has 
called on the Palestinian people to refrain from any ceremonial 
manifestations in welcoming the deportees who are returning to 
the occupied territories today. 
  In a statement issued yesterday, Fatah considered the return 
of the deportees to be a very small step toward the repatriation 
of all deportees, kinfolk, the displaced, and refugees to their 
homes and homeland. 
  The statement said that the Rabin government's goodwill 
should not be epitomized by the return of a number of deportees 
but by the release of all prisoners and the repatriation of all 
deportees. The statement demanded the deportees' return in one 
batch, because it said that the right of our people to return to 
their land and kinfolk is not subject to being divided into 
batches or numbers. 
  Fatah stressed that amid the enthusiasm of welcoming the 
returning brothers, our people should not forget the 
occupation's measures against them, which escalated recently. 
Since the al-Ibrahimi Mosque massacre, 93 martyrs have been 
killed and hundreds wounded by Israeli soldiers. 
  In its statement, Fatah noted that past experience with the 
Israeli authorities, whether concerning the brother deportees or 
steps for a political settlement, prompts us to deal with any 
step extremely cautiously. We should place that step in its 
right context so that it will not be exploited by the 
authorities on the political and media levels to show that they 
had made some concessions to our people and, hence, refrain from 
restoring to us rights that have been and are being acknowledged 
by international laws. 
  The statement said that the reasons for deportation were 
merely an expression of a legal and human injustice against our 
brother deportees and our people and a violation of all 
international laws and norms, especially the Fourth Geneva 
Convention. 

