Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Beijing, January 25 (XINHUA) -- Chinese Vice-Premier 
and Foreign Minister Qian Qichen returned here by air this 
morning, winding up his visit to African countries and France. 
  Among those greeting qian at the airport were Tian Zengpei, 
Chinese vice-foreign minister, and diplomatic envoys and 
officials from Madagascar, Eritrea, Kenya, Ethiopia, the Sudan 
and France. 
  Qian paid a goodwill visit to the above-mentioned five 
African countries as well as Mauritius from January 11 to 21. 
At the end of his trip in Africa, Qian went on to pay an 
official visit to France, where he also met U.S. Secretary of 
State Warren M. Christopher. 
  In an interview at the airport Qian told XINHUA that he was 
accorded a warm, grand and high-standarded reception during his 
visit to the six African countries. "This manifests the 
traditional friendship between China and African countries," he 
added. 
  He expressed satisfaction over the meetings and talks with 
French leaders. He held that these activities were of 
importance in strengthening mutual understanding and promoting 
the development of the relations between China and France as 
well as other west European countries. 
  Qian said he held constructive talks with U.S. Secretary of 
State Christopher in Paris and exchanged views on international 
and bilateral matters, achieving understanding on some issues. 
  Qian expressed his belief that the meeting represents a 
major 
step in high-level contacts between China and the United States, 
hoping that Sino-U.S. exchanges will maintain the fine momentum. 

