BFN 

  [Text] Cairo, 22 May (MENA)--In their editorials today, the 
newspapers AL-AHRAM, AL-JUMHURIYAH, and AL-WAFD call for an end 
to the fighting in Yemen and cite the need for the two sides to 
resolve their differences through negotiations and dialogue to 
preserve Yemeni unity. 
  AL-AHRAM notes that, as President Husni Mubarak said in his 
latest appeal to the Yemeni leaders, the current situation in 
Yemen requires wisdom and reason because the Arab nation today 
is in dire need of unity and solidarity. The paper says that 
President Mubarak's appeal came at a very critical time in the 
Yemeni crisis, after confrontation had intensified between the 
two parties. It adds that President Mubarak was eager to spare 
Yemen frightful massacres that might kill a great number of 
Yemeni people and further destroy their resources. 
  AL-JUMHURIYAH regrets the continued fighting between the 
Yemeni brothers on the fourth anniversary of Yemeni unity, 
because the Yemenis are writing the end of the unity with their 
own blood and burying the hope of all Arabs that the unified 
state will remain steadfast. The paper says leaders of the 
Yemeni conflict are contributing to distorting the Arabs' image 
in the entire world despite repeated appeals by President Husni 
Mubarak and Arab leaders to convince them to heed the voice of 
reason and logic and avoid a crisis. 
  For its part, AL-WAFD asks what led to the collapse of 
Yemeni 
unity and the escalation of the differences between brothers to 
the point of using aircraft, tanks, and missiles, and tens of 
thousands of victims. The paper regrets the collapse of unity 
in Yemen on its fourth anniversary. 

