BFN 

  [Text] The press center of the Black Sea Fleet has informed 
Interfax about the details of Saturday night's attack by a 
Ukrainian special force on a naval group of conservation ships 
stationed in Odessa. 
  At 22:45 seven Ural trucks carrying Ukrainian paratroopers 
stopped near the Potemkin stairway. 
  They broke the window of the checkpoint, entered the 
territory of the facility and opened the gate. Thirty one 
sailors were detained and 25 persons were taken to Chabanka near 
Odessa. 
  According to the head of the press center Andrey Grachev, 
the 
Ukrainian paratroopers looted the facility taking away personal 
and naval property. 
  Later the Ukrainian Defense Ministry issued an ultimatum: 
officers who fail to take an oath of allegiance to Ukraine by 
20:00 on April 12 will be expelled to any other CIS member- 
country. 
  Grachev also said that at the moment a Black Sea Fleet unit 
in Nikolayev is being besieged. On Monday evening a KRAZ truck 
with the markings of the Ukrainian Armed Forces and soldiers in 
camouflage suits attempted to enter an intelligence unit of the 
fleet. 
  In Grachev's opinion a similarly difficult situation might 
emerge in Izmail garrison where river boats of the Black Sea 
Fleet are stationed. The Deputy Commander of the Odessa 
Military District Lieutenant-General Chernyarenko arrived there 
on Tuesday. After his arrival naval commanders met with a 
representative of the Ukrainian security force and the city 
administration. The local administration was warned that in the 
event of any steps by Black Sea sailors adequate measures would 
be taken. 
  The head of the press center said the three naval officers 
arrested in Odessa were released: the commander of the group 
Oleg Feoktistov, the commander of the base Dmitriy Starikov and 
the chief of staff of the naval group Aleksandr Zelenko. 

