CSO 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article: "The Tuition Concept of the </F>
Federation of Young Democrats: Investment in the Future"] 
  [Text] The introduction of requirements to pay tuition in 
higher education is unavoidable, according to Fidesz [Federation 
of Young Democrats], but tuition should not be charged during 
the academic year 1994/95. Subject to gradual introduction, the 
amount of tuition to be charged should not exclude youths of 
lesser means from having an opportunity to continue their 
education, according to Janos Mazsu, one of the framers of 
Fidesz's higher education program, at the party's news 
conference last Thursday [14 April]. 
  Janos Mazsu believes that the matter of charging tuition may 
once again become an issue because the higher education law 
adopted by parliament requires the introduction of tuition 
payments in the next academic year, and the budget law includes 
tuition as part of revenues to be collected by institutions of 
higher education. The proposed decree drafted by the Culture 
Ministry calls for a uniform 2,000-forint-per-month tuition 
after 1994, payable by students at the start of each semester. 
The decree would permit universities and academies to grant 
exemptions from under tuition payments up to 10 percent of their 
revenues. Fidesz, on the other hand, believes that requirements 
for tuition payments should be introduced gradually, and that 
the amount of tuition should not be determined in terms of 
uniform sums of money, but instead within a minimum and maximum 
amount of tuition determined by the state, the institutions 
themselves should determine the exact amount of tuition to be 
paid, in concurrence with the student governing bodies. Fidesz 
would establish a wide-ranging subsidy system for students 
experiencing difficulties because of the cost of living and for 
having to pay membership dues; the system would also provide 
several ways of financing, ranging from exemptions from under 
the payment of tuition to social welfare subsidies. 
  Reporting on Fidesz's foreign language concept, Zoltan 
Pokorni, the head of Fidesz's education cabinet, stressed that 
Hungary's educational system still lacked 32,000 foreign 
language instructors. Their number could be effectively 
increased by introducing an opportunity for bilevel wage 
negotiations, and by paying the instructors appropriate 
salaries, a result of which they would not be forced to abandon 
their careers as educators. 

