Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] In an initiative to restore democracy, and within 
the framework of their respective efforts to end the country's 
political crisis, the employers' associations and the Haitian 
labor union sector met on 1 and 3 February. Following 
discussions, the parties concluded as follows: 
  First, the nation's vital forces -- workers and employers -- 
are exhausted and are seeking immediate restoration of a 
political atmosphere favoring the resumption of economic 
activities. The employers' associations and the labor union 
sector point out that no employers, labor union organizations, 
or firms can efficiently function without a state of law in 
which law prevails over force. 
  They stress that the democratic regime advocated by the 
Haitian people under the aegis of the 1987 Constitution is the 
fundamental principle for running the state. They believe that 
constitutional, national institutions must resume their regular 
functioning while safeguarding democratic principles as their 
contribution toward a solution to the crisis. They further 
indicate that it is urgent to compel all political 
decisionmakers and concerned authorities to seek, find, and put 
into action all constitutional elements, with a view toward a 
negotiated, definitive solution to resolving the crisis and 
lifting the embargo. 
  They add that the employers' associations and the Haitian 
labor union sector will begin negotiations to define some new 
rules for the socioeconomic game, to stimulate business dynamism 
and promotion of workers in a system oriented toward reboosting 
production of the national economy with the building of adequate 
industrial and commercial infrastructures. 

