BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Focus on Africa" program] </F>
  [Text] Well, a lot now depends on what action the RPF 
[Rwandan Popular Front] is likely to take. They denied any 
involvement in the air crash and insisted that they still want 
to cooperate in implementing the Arusha peace accord and that 
they don't intend to go back to war. But their battalion in 
Kigali has been attacked, and there have been reports that RPF 
reinforcements were being sent in from the north. On the 
satellite link with (Biyunda) in northern Rwanda, Hebe Saley 
asked RPF commander Paul Kagame how they saw the situation: 
  [Begin recording] [Kagame] What we can confirm is that our 
force in Kigali is under attack by some forces on the government 
side, and they have been fighting since yesterday. So 
certainly, in that kind of situation, one contemplates 
reinforcing them. Certainly there is a chaotic situation in 
Kigali, where people are being killed anyhow, and we think we 
should contribute to stabilizing the situation. 
  [Saley] So, have you actually sent people, sent 
reinforcements to Kigali? 
  [Kagame] Our forces may have to walk there sooner or later. 
  [Saley] Can you tell us what is actually happening to your 
people at Kigali at the moment? 
  [Kagame] At the moment, Kigali is again confused, but our 
force is still in the same occasion as it was before this 
incident. But they have been attacked by, I understand, the 
Presidential Guards, and they have been fighting for quite some 
time -- since yesterday. So that is all I know. 
  [Saley] Have you been in touch with them today? Have you 
got fresh information? 
  [Kagame] Yes, I talked to them in the morning. They started 
fighting from six o'clock in the morning. 
  [Saley] How many of your men are engaged in battle, as far 
as you know? 
  [Kagame] We have a full battalion there, and the whole of it 
is engaged. 
  [Saley] And how many have you lost? 
  [Kagame] By last night, there are only three injuries, but I 
haven't seen any reports of casualties since morning. 
  [Saley] Well, I mean that sounds, that is very difficult to 
believe that they have been under attack since yesterday and 
there are only three injuries. 
  [Kagame] You may have the whole day people fighting, and you 
don't even get one injury. It depends on where you are fighting 
from and how you are doing it. [end recording] 

