BFN 

  [Text] Havana, 9 Jun (EFE) -- Today, some of the people who 
remain inside the Belgian Embassy in Cuba appeared at the 
portion of the fence most visible from the street to ask the 
international media for help and to insist, once again, that 
they are prepared to die. 
  The group of approximately ten people displayed three 
posters 
in English. The posters read: "We need your help to be free," 
"Freedom or die," and "We want to talk to the international 
press." 
  Newsmen, photographers, and television cameramen who are on 
permanent watch on the other side of the street caught sight of 
a man with an infant in his arms, a man giving the victory sign, 
and a third man making gestures about taking his own life. 
  One week ago, the refugees who on 28 May stormed into the 
residence of the Belgian ambassador smuggled out a communique 
rejecting any kind of dialogue with authorities and cautioning 
that they are prepared to do anything, "including die." 
  Both Cuban and Belgian officials agree that the 118 refugees 
must leave the building peacefully and must go through normal 
departure procedures, but they noted that the solution to the 
conflict will be difficult because of staunch resistance by the 
occupants. 
  Official Cuban sources have reiterated that the island's 
authorities have given written guarantees that the refugees will 
not be penalized for the crime of illegally breaking into a 
diplomatic mission. 

