Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Chisinau BASAPRESS, 19/2/1994 -- During Moldovan 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs delegation's visit to Poland, the 
treaty on friendship and cooperation was elaborated. The treaty 
will be signed with the occasion of President Snegur's visit to 
Poland, scheduled for April-May 1994, stated today in a press 
conference Ion Botnaru, minister ad-interim of foreign affairs. 
The protocol on consultation between the Ministries of Foreign 
Affairs of the two states was also signed in Warsaw. Moldovan 
delegation elaborated a series of documents among which the 
agreement on avoiding double taxation and on protecting foreign 
investments; the documents will be signed in April-May, 1994. 
The possibility for intensifying economic relations between 
Moldova and West Europe was analyzed during the delegation's 
meetings with Warsaw officials. The opening of Moldovan Embassy 
in Poland in the first half of 1994 was also discussed. Polish 
side expressed its availability to cooperate with Moldova 
especially in commercial and economic spheres. Poland is 
interested in importing Moldovan wine, champagne and cognac for 
hard currency. Botnaru said the Dniester problem was touched 
during the discussions. He emphasized that Dniester should be 
granted a special status. "We have to find solutions that will 
undermine Tiraspol leaders' position and will attract the masses 
on our side," said Botnaru. Concerning the entitlement of 
Aurelian Danila, presently Moldovan Ambassador in Bucharest, as 
Moldovan Ambassador in Vienna, Botnaru said that he would like 
to see in Austria "a professional who knows two foreign 
languages and the multilateral diplomacy." "We are in the 
search of an Ambassador for Bucharest and we would like our 
second ambassador in Bucharest to do much more for transforming 
the agency of meetings and parties in a real embassy that would 
deal with Romanian-Moldovan relations," said Botnaru. 

