BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, May 23 (KCNA) -- Organisations of 
different countries denounced the United States for increasing 
the tension on the Korean peninsula. 
  The Central Committee of the Organisation of Workers of 
Mozambique in a statement on May 9 said that the United States 
is trying to justify its aggressive moves under the pretext of 
the fictitious "nuclear issue" of Korea and the South Korean 
authorities are walking the road of anti-national crimes, 
following the U.S. aggressive moves. 
  If the United States ignites a war on the Korean peninsula, 
in spite of the warnings of the Korean people and the world's 
peaceloving people, it will be burnt to death in the flames 
kindled by it, stressed the statement. 
  The Guinean Committee for Supporting Korea's Reunification 
in 
a statement on May 10 said that the nuclear issue of the Korean 
peninsula cannot be resolved with pressure or threat. It urged 
an early resumption of the DPRK-U.S. talks in favour to the 
independent and peaceful reunification of Korea. 
  The Malian National Committee for the Study of the Chuche 
Idea in a statement on the same day said that the United States 
must stop at once the deployment of Patriot missiles in South 
Korea and all the war games such as the "Team Spirit" joint 
military exercises and respond to the negotiations for the 
establishment of a new peace arrangement on the Korean peninsula. 
  The Mali Afro-Asian Solidarity Committee in a statement on 
May 5 called on the world's progressive people and organisations 
that love justice and peace to vigorously turn out in the 
struggle to prevent the reckless nuclear war provocation of the 
United States, and Secretary General of the Ghanaian National 
Institute of the Chuche Idea Fred Agbobli in a letter to the UN 
secretary general on May 10 demanded that the United Nations 
approach the nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula on the 
principle of respect of sovereignty and impartiality to live up 
to the expectation of the world's peaceloving people. 

