BFN 

<F P=106> [By reporters Zhao Xinkao (6392 2450 5072) and Liu Ruiping </F>
(0491 3843 1627)] 
  [Text] Jakarta, 29 Apr (XINHUA) -- A work program 
agreement was signed here this evening between the Association 
of China- Indonesia Economic, Social, and Cultural Cooperation 
and the Association of Indonesia-China Economic, Social, and 
Cultural Cooperation. The two associations decided to further 
promote the cooperation and exchanges of the two countries in 
the economic, social, and cultural fields. 
  The pact was signed by Wang Guangying, the visiting vice 
chairman of the Chinese National People's Congress Standing 
Committee and president of the Association of China-Indonesia 
Economic, Social, and Cultural Cooperation, and Mr. Sukamdani, 
president of the Association of Indonesia-China Economic, 
Social, and Cultural Cooperation. 
  According to the agreement, a joint annual plenary meeting 
of 
the two associations will be held to strengthen mutual 
understanding and cooperation; to exchange views on the 
economic, social, and cultural development of both countries; to 
examine the implementation of the cooperation agreement, work 
program, and various projects; and to set up new yearly work 
program. 
  In addition, the two sides agreed to actively promote 
exchanges between the handicapped and other welfare 
organizations of the two countries. 
  The Association of China-Indonesia Economic, Social, and 
Cultural Cooperation delegation, led by Wang Guangying, will 
leave Indonesia for home on the morning of 30 April after a 
10-day visit. 

