Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Tokyo, Jan. 8 KYODO -- The Japanese Government 
plans to introduce a new action program designed to open its 
construction market to foreign bidders at informal negotiations 
with the United States in Tokyo next week, officials said 
Saturday [8 January]. 
  The government officials said the program, featuring 
improvement of a bidding system for public works projects, is 
aimed at dodging possible U.S. retaliatory action against Japan. 
  Japan hopes to wind up the talks successfully by the end of 
next week, they said. 
  The U.S. has threatened to take retaliatory action against 
Japan unless the negotiations produce satisfactory results by 
the January 20 deadline. 
  The negotiations, which will open Tuesday at the earliest, 
will focus on a foreign share of the Japanese construction 
market and foreign access to 40 large-scale projects, which have 
been opened to U.S. contractors as a special step, the 
officials said. 
  The program will allow foreign contractors to participate in 
tenders for national projects valued at 4.5 million special 
drawing rights (about 850 million yen under the official 
exchange rate) or more and for projects valued at 15 million 
SDRs (2.85 billion yen) or more to be undertaken by local 
governments or public corporations, they said. 
  Japan will also offer to improve the process for reviewing 
the qualifications of foreign bidders in order to boost foreign 
access to the domestic construction market, they said. 
  Standard rules agreed on at the recently concluded world 
trade negotiations under the General Agreement on Tariffs and 
Trade will be applied, they said. 

