CSO 

    [Editorial Report] The following biographic sketch of Jelko 
Kacin, who replaced Janez Jansa as defense minister of the 
Republic of Slovenia on 29 March, is a composite of information 
that appeared in DNEVNIK, a Ljubljana daily, and REPUBLIKA, a 
Slovene-language daily published in Trieste, Italy, on 25 March. 
  Jelko Kacin was born on 26 November 1955 in Celje, but since 
1956 he has lived in Kranj, where he attended elementary school 
and high school, graduating from the latter in 1975. He 
graduated from the Faculty of Sociology, Political Science, and 
Journalism of Ljubljana University in 1981, having specialized 
in defense studies. 
  Until 1985, Kacin served as a consultant and head of the 
civil defense department in the Kranj municipal government. 
Following the 1990 elections, he became Slovenia's deputy 
secretary of people's defense and gained a reputation for his 
expert commentaries on the Gulf war. According to some sources, 
he had to leave the Secretariat of Defense because he 
overshadowed Defense Secretary Janez Jansa. Because of his 
leadership and organizational skills, he was named information 
minister in April 1991, before the war broke out in Slovenia. It 
was through his efforts as information minister during the 
10-day war that the truth about the aggression by the Yugoslav 
Army reached the world and Slovenia's endeavors to achieve its 
independence gained international support. Kacin was the 
Democratic Party candidate in the 1992 presidential election. 
Having won only a few seats in the parliamentary election, his 
party did not join the governing coalition. After the election 
he left the civil service and became active in the business 
sector. (Ljubljana DNEVNIK in Slovene 25 Mar 94 p 3 and Trieste 
REPUBLIKA in Slovene 25 Mar 94 p 3) 

