BFN 

  [Text] Hanoi VNA May 13 -- Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet and 
his Myanmar counterpart Than Shwe held talks in Yangon 
[Rangoon], Myanmar Wednesday afternoon. 
  Speaking at the event, Prime Minister Than Shwe described 
Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet's visit to Myanmar as a turning point 
in the relations between the two countries. He informed the 
Vietnamese leader of the Myanmar Government's efforts in 
implementing its policy of national concord and economic 
development, and its foreign policy of independence on the five 
principles of peaceful coexistance. Prime Minister Than Shwe 
highly appreciated the achievements in national renovation 
recorded by the Vietnamese people, and expressed his wish for 
further cooperation with Vietnam in national construction. 
  Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet, for his part, expressed his 
pleasure to share joy with the Myanmar people in their 
achievements in national concord and economic development. He 
hailed Myanmar's policy to strengthen its relations with 
Vietnam, and affirmed Vietnam's policy to attach importance to 
the development of its relations with Myanmar in the interests 
of the two peoples, for peace, stability and prosperity in 
Southeast Asia. 
  The two parties discussed the orientation and measures aimed 
at promoting the multi-faceted cooperation between Vietnam and 
Myanmar on the basis of respect for national independence, 
sovereignty, non-interference in each other's affairs, equality 
and mutual benefits. 
  The two prime ministers also exchanged views on the 
international issues of common concern. 

