Language: <F P=105>Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Brother Jalal Talabani, secretary general of the 
Patriotic Union of Kurdistan [PUK], resumed his talks with 
Syrian officials and Iraqi opposition figures in Damascus. At 
1800 on 3 January, brother Talabani met with Mut'ib Shinan, 
Ba'th Party Regional Command member and official in charge of 
Iraq's command branch, and comrades Hikmat, Abu-Salah, and Dr. 
Fadil al-Ansari. 
  The two sides stressed the need to promote their historic 
ties and their adherence to the provisions of their joint 
accord. They also discussed the political and economic 
situation in Iraq. Brother Talabani and the Syrian delegation 
exchanged views on their joint action program and the need to 
continue the dialogue with the other parties. 
  The PUK secretary general held a series of meetings with the 
representatives of the Iraqi opposition parties and progressive 
figures. Brother Talabani met with a delegation of the Islamic 
Action Organization and leading figures of the Iraqi Communist 
Party. 
  Meanwhile, brother Talabani met with 'Abdallah al-Ahmar, 
assistant secretary general of the Arab Socialist Ba'th Party 
yesterday. The talks during the meeting dealt with their 
bilateral ties. The meeting was attended by PUK representative 
in Syria Dana Ahmad Majid. 
  Brother Talabani also met with the Spanish ambassador to 
Syria yesterday. They exchanged views between Spain and 
Kurdistan and the means to bolster them in future. 

