BFN 

<F P=106> [From the NTV newscast] </F>
  [Text] Today, Cuba and Spain signed a bilateral agreement 
on promoting and protecting investments in Havana in the 
presence of Politburo member Carlos Lage and other high ranking 
Spanish and Cuban officials. 
  Cuban and Spanish experts at the fourth Spanish-Cuban joint 
commission for economic cooperation concluded two days of 
intense work by signing a bilateral agreement on promoting and 
protecting investments. The future of economic and financial 
relations between Cuba and Spain, one of the island's main 
trading partners, was discussed after the agreement was signed 
by Apolonio Ruiz Ligero, Spanish secretary of state for foreign 
trade, and Ernesto Melendez, Cuban foreign investment and 
economic cooperation minister: 
  [Begin recording] [Ruiz] This agreement is most important. 
We 
would call this an agreement of the new generation since it 
provides confidence and judicial security and a proper setting 
for investors. Of course, pioneering investors arrive before 
the agreements themselves. But I believe the signing of this 
agreement is extremely important for those pioneers and those 
that may follow. We have already established similar agreements 
with other Latin American countries, and it was important that 
we sign such an agreement with Cuba. I believe we can present 
this to our respective economic sectors as a big step. 
  [Melendez] We were able to examine an important area in our 
economic and trade relations. This agreement is the final 
result of that examination. I would even say that the document 
reaffirms the friendship and political willingness of the two 
governments to maintain, strengthen, and expand our relations. 
We have discussed trade and financial relations, and we have 
underscored the importance of seeking ways to strengthen our 
relations. [end recording] 

