BFN 

<F P=106> ["Report from Hong Kong" by reporter Huang Tien (7806 1131) ] </F>
  [Text] On the eve of the Ching Ming festival, Beijing's 
situation has become increasingly tense. According to a source 
from Beijing, yesterday state security and public security 
departments in Beijing once again received instructions from 
their higher authorities to place pro-democracy activities under 
strict control before the Ching Ming festival and adopt resolute 
measures if necessary. 
  The source said: Departments concerned began to launch 
operations yesterday and made covert arrangements to watch the 
homes of dissidents and the places where they usually carried 
out their activities. The higher authorities ordered their 
subordinate departments to persuade, as far as possible, 
pro-democracy activists to travel outside Beijing and persuade 
the pro-democracy activists who were currently in the other 
parts of China to "spend a few more days amusing themselves" 
there. 
  Well-known pro-democracy activist Wei Jingsheng previously 
planned to hold a gathering in Beijing on 29 March to mark the 
15th anniversary of the pronouncement of his court verdict. 
However, as of now, he has not returned to Beijing, and is 
still in Qingdao. 
  May 4 is a sensitive day during which the mainland 
authorities maintain sharp vigilance. During the Ching Ming 
festival every year, Beijing Municipality is on the alert and 
all relevant personnel renounce vacation and do their utmost to 
throw themselves into security work. 

