BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Kim Chung-kun from Beijing] </F>
  [Text] Chinese sources knowledgeable in North Korean 
affairs reported on 12 May that North Korea is faced with "the 
worst food crisis in history" because its supply of reserve food 
has been depleted due to the grain damage caused by the cold 
weather last year and because it no longer receives food support 
from China, its major food supplier. 
  To solve the serious food problems, North Korea has for the 
past month allocated such raw materials as iron stock, which is 
conserved by the central government, to each local government to 
be exchanged for emergency food with the border areas of China 
and Russia, according to the sources. 
  North Korea even tacitly permits the disposal of antiques 
designated as cultural property and rare animals and plants by 
individuals or groups that are able to contact foreign countries. 
  People's government officials of Saebyol County in North 
Hamgyong Province, North Korea, which is located across the 
Tuman River from Hunchun in China's Jilin Province, visited 
Hunchun people's government officials on 6 May to discuss 
exchanging 700 tonnes of iron stock for 1,700 tonnes of corn. 
The officials failed because China opposed the exchange. 
  The sources also reported that the number of undernourished 
and starving North Korean people and children suffering from 
body swelling caused by beriberi is increasing throughout the 
country because the reserve supply of barley has almost been 
depleted. 
  North Korea also allows people to dispose of anything to 
exchange for food and to travel in the country to contact 
Chinese and Russian people with the purpose of obtaining food. 

