BFN 

  [Text] Harare June 3 SAPA -- The Global Coalition for 
Africa (GCA) Advisory Committee meeting ended in Harare on 
Friday [3 June] with a call to African countries to intensify 
efforts to reform their ailing economies and improve living 
standards on the world's poorest continent, Zimbabwe's national 
news agency Ziana reports. Officially closing the two-day 
meeting, Botswana president Sir Ketumile Masire said African 
countries should be responsible for their economic development. 
Sir Ketumile said the meeting recognised the responsibility of 
improving governance lay with the African countries themselves. 
The Botswana president, co-chairman of GCA, said African 
governments should consult their people in policy formulation 
and implementation in order to have good governance. 
  The meeting was attended by a number of heads of state, 
including President Eduardo dos Santos of Angola, President Sam 
Nujoma of Namibia and South African President Nelson Mandela. 
The meeting endorsed the concept of a new partnership between 
donors and African countries in which African countries should 
"take charge" of their economies. 
  "African countries should take charge of assuming the 
responsibility for determining both the priorities for 
development co-operation and also the nature of support which is 
required," President Masire said. "Both African countries and 
donors stressed the need for dialogue and for two-way 
communication. A number of donor countries indicated that a 
change of perspective, away from donor-driven programmes, to a 
broad-based approach providing support to strategies defined by 
recipient governments, had taken place." 
  The meeting agreed that Africa needed to mobilise its 
domestic resources, both financial and human. It endorsed the 
once-and-for- all debt restructuring to sustainable levels for 
each African country, and donors were urged to review their debt 
policies along those lines. 

