BFN 

  [Text] Bucharest ROMPRES, 6/5/1994 -- In connection with 
various press commentaries regarding the banned entry to the 
country of Romania's former sovereign, presidential spokesman 
Traian Chebeleu made a few points during the news conference of 
Friday, 6 May. He stressed that "Romania's Government did not 
pose other terms than those communicated by the former king 
himself: The private character of the visit and abstention from 
questioning the present constitutional order." In subsequent 
talks, Chebeleu added, the executive wanted to make sure the 
terms would be observed, advancing a number of proposals meant 
to make the visit possible, but they were turned down by the 
former sovereign, who conditioned the visit on his travel to 
Bucharest or Timisoara. That, the spokesman said, would have 
gone beyond the private character of the visit and it would have 
been difficult to avoid anti-constitutional manifestations and 
public disorder. In order to substantiate that assertion, 
Traian Chebeleu quoted ex-king Mihai's message to the country 
with obvious "inadmissible appeals inciting the population 
against the constitutional order." 
  Referring to the stands of some non-government bodies in the 
country on this matter, who complained with the Council of 
Europe, Traian Chebeleu said they "have no serious ground." 

