Language: <F P=105> Latvian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Latvia has expressed positive support for 
Lithuania's intention to join NATO; at the same time making it 
known that it will not hurry to follow Lithuania's example. We 
are satisfied that Lithuania has done this; if the right moment 
comes, we will do the same, Gunars Meierovics, Latvian minister 
of state for relations with the Baltic and Nordic countries, has 
said. In his view, at the moment there is no sense in Latvia 
turning to NATO with a request to join, because, in contrast to 
Lithuania, Latvia still has about 20,000 Russian soldiers on its 
territory. 
  Meeting in Stockholm today with Swedish Prime Ministert Carl 
Bildt were Martins Virsis, parliamentary secretary at the 
Latvian Foreign Ministry; Aleksandrs Kirsteins, chairman of the 
Saeima Foreign Affairs Commission, and Juris Sinka, a member of 
the Saeima Foreign Affairs Commission. They discussed 
Latvian-Russian relations, devoting most attention to the issue 
of the withdrawal of the Russian Army and the problem of the 
Skrunda radar station. The Swedish prime minister stressed the 
need for our country to agree with Russia on the withdrawal of 
the army by concluding an agreement in the nearest future. To 
quote Bildt, that would an important investment in promoting 
stability in the Baltic region. 

