CSO 

<F P=106> [Article signed J.I.: "Army Manpower Could Stabilize at </F>
About 233,000 Men by Year 2000"] 
  [Text] The gradual downsizing of the army should cease and 
manpower levels stabilize by the year 2000 at about 233,000 men, 
rather than at 225,000 as earlier projected. This target is 
inscribed in the draft military programming law to be submitted 
to a meeting of the Defense Council on 6 April and to the 
Council of Ministers on 20 April. 
  If the government adopts this army general staff proposal, 
it 
will mean an interruption of the downsizing and reorganization 
envisaged in earlier decisions. As of 1994, the army comprises 
240,000 men, about 45 percent of the nation's overall military 
manpower. 
  Loath to add to unemployment or exacerbate the decline of 
economic activity in zones where the armed forces in many cases 
are the only source of jobs, the government has suspended the 
force restructuring initiated by previous governments. The new 
approach has been applauded by local officials. It entails 
keeping troop strength at the 240,000 level until 1997, with 
overall strength amounting to nine divisions: four divisions 
attached to the Rapid Action Force (FAR); one armored division 
and a mixed brigade assigned to the European Corps (in which 
Germany and Belgium are also participating); with three armored 
divisions and one mountain infantry division (which will result 
from the merger, next June, of the 15th Infantry Division and 
the 27th Mountain Division) forming the largest part of the 
Mechanized Armor Corps (CBM). Since Eurocorps enjoys special 
status, what France calls the "field forces" consist of the FAR 
and the CBM. 
  The current draft of the 1995-2000 military programming law 
envisages an army of 233,000 men by the end of the century. The 
original objective of downsizing to a 225,000-man army would be 
abandoned. Although 225,000 was the figure on which Defense 
Ministry and general staff had agreed, the budget office was 
actually thinking more in terms of an army reduced to 200,000 
men. 
  At a force level of 233,000--implying a measure of further 
downsizing between 1997 and 2000--the army is unsure whether it 
can maintain its nine divisions as presently constituted, or 
will be forced to go to eight "densified" divisions, accepting 
the loss of one infantry or armored division. 
<H5>  Decision Pending </H5>
  The slowdown in reduction of troop-strength--whether 
eventually to 233,000, or to 225,000 as the Joxe plan 
prescribed--is going to mean higher operating overhead for the 
army (Title 3 of the finance bill), and therefore reduced 
appropriations for material (Title 5). What is added to 
operations must be taken from equipment, to keep the total 
defense budget relatively unchanged. The debate pits proponents 
of a smaller but better equipped army against advocates of an 
army that while larger would not be equipped with the most 
modern armaments. 
  This is especially the case for the CBM. The question not 
yet 
decided is whether the army will have to make do with three 
armored divisions, each disposing altogether of 160 of the most 
modern Leclerc tanks, or will instead maintain the present four 
armored divisions, with one of them keeping the AMX-30 B2 (aging 
but renovated) until its dissolution. When the Leclerc program 
was launched, there were plans to order between 1,100 and 1,400 
tanks. But Leclerc is so costly (more than 30 million French 
francs [Fr] per tank) that the army must reduce its acquisition 
plans by more than 50 percent in the new military programming 
bill. 

