BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed article from Brussels EUROPE ENVIRONMENT: </F>
"Denmark To Host CEEC Conference on the Environment"] 
  [Text] Fourteen Environment Ministers from Central and East 
European countries (CEEC) are to join representatives from 
international banks and the European Commission from 1 to 3 June 
in Copenhagen at the invitation of Denmark, Danish Minister for 
the Environment Sven Auken announced on 9 May. The Minister 
explained that the conference would be focusing on ways of 
protecting the environment and methods for persuading the 
international banks to grant favourable loans at lower rates of 
interest for investment into environmental protection in the 
CEEC region. "If the banks -- the World Bank, the European 
Investment Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development [EBRD] -- were prepared to shave just a few basis 
points off their standard rates for East Europe, that would give 
a substantial boost to investment in environmental protection 
measures in the region," Mr. Auken argued. Last year, he 
castigated the EBRD for supporting only commercial undertakings 
in Central and East European countries, and for ignoring the 
worrying issue of environmental damage in the region. 
  Denmark is playing host to this meeting because of its "good 
cooperation with East European countries," stressed Mr. Auken, 
adding that Denmark is "the country which has contributed most 
towards helping the region in environmental matters." The Danish 
Government granted direct aid worth 180 million Kroner (USD 
US27.7 million) for environmental projects in the CEEC region in 
1993, and has already contributed 300 million Kroner (USD US46.2 
million) in 1994. 

