BFN 

  [Text] The Islamic Jihad Movement for the Liberation of 
Palestine, the Aqsa detachments, has welcomed Israel's 
withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and the handing over of civil 
administration departments to the National Palestinian Authority. 
  In a statement issued today, the movement considered the 
withdrawal as a first step towards confirming our Palestinian 
people's right to liberation and the establishment of its 
independent state, with Jerusalem as its capital. 
  The movement hails the stand of our Palestinian people under 
the occupation, including all its sections, political forces, 
and national and social figures, for the welcome and cooperation 
they have given to the members of the Palestinian police forces, 
who came to protect them, establish security among them, and 
work towards the building of their national authority. 
  The movement holds the Israeli side and its political, 
military, and security leadership fully responsible for the 
recent massacre perpetrated by Israeli settlers and Israeli 
forces on 16 May against our people in Hebron and for the 
assault against women performing prayers at a mosque in the Bab 
al-Shaykh quarter. 
  The movement considers that all military attacks carried out 
by Palestinian mujahidin against the Israeli army and the armed 
settlers are caused by the Israeli occupation, the arming of 
Israeli settlers, and the maintaining of the settlements. 
  The movement therefore stresses the need to disarm the 
settlers, dismantle the settlements in the occupied territories, 
and start negotiations regarding the final phase as a means to 
prevent the stepping up of conflict and to preserve the peace 
process. 

