BFN 

  [Text] Foreign Minister Hikmet Cetin has left for 
Luxembourg to participate in the Western European Union's [WEU] 
spring ministerial council meeting to be held there. 
  In a statement at Esenboga Airport, Cetin stressed that 
Turkey directly and actively participates in the WEU's 
activities at all levels. Cetin added that within the framework 
of the formulas devised in Maastricht the WEU constitutes the 
defense branch of the European Union as well as NATO's European 
pillar. Pointing out that the structuring of the WEU is at its 
beginning, Cetin added, however, that it has a special political 
position between the two fundamental institutions of the Western 
world. Cetin said: We view the WEU as a lasting factor of the 
European defense structure. We, therefore, contribute to the 
operational development of the union. We have also observed that 
the WEU member countries are becoming more aware of Turkey's 
contributions to the WEU. Pointing out that initiatives are 
continuing to raise Turkey status within WEU to a legal level 
befitting the contributions it can make, Cetin said: Our goal is 
full membership. We view our current status as temporary. 
  Cetin stated that the main issue to be discussed at the 
meeting, which will also be attended by National Defense 
Minister Mehmet Golhan, is the package being developed on 
relations with Central and East European countries. Cetin will 
leave Luxembourg for Strasbourg on Wednesday where he will 
attend the Council of Europe ministerial committee meeting. He 
will return to Turkey the same day. 

