Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Washington, Feb. 15 KYODO -- Japanese and U.S. 
business leaders on Tuesday [15 February] ruled out a trade war 
between the two countries in the wake of a U.S. ruling that 
Japan violated a trade agreement on cellular telephones. 
  "I don't believe this will lead to a trade war," said Yotaro 
Kobayashi, chairman of the Japan-U.S. Business Council and also 
chairman of Japan's Fuji Xerox Co. 
  Kobayashi was speaking at a joint press conference with 
Joseph Gorman, chairman of the U.S.-Japan Business Council, to 
wind up a three-day meeting of the two business groups. 
  Gorman, also chairman of TRW Inc., said that retaliation 
must 
be a last resort. 
  Gorman made the remark as U.S. Trade Representative Mickey 
Kantor announced Tuesday that Japan's violation of an agreement 
on cellular phones may lead to retaliatory measures in coming 
days. 
  The councils met for three days from Sunday in preparation 
for an annual joint conference slated for July in Tokyo 
following the collapse of the weekend Japan-U.S. summit meeting 
over a new trade agreement. 
  The councils issued a joint statement appealing for private- 
sector efforts to resolve trade issues. 
  Noting that Japan and the United States share a bilateral 
relationship of the greatest importance, the statement called 
for pursuing a shared goal of open markets. 
  But the statement alluded to differences between the two 
sides over U.S. demands for "numerical targets" to measure 
progress in opening Japan's markets. 
  The statement said that maintaining and enhancing a positive 
environment for Japan-U.S. relations can best be done by 
"continuing to explore effective means of assessing progress in 
the opening of market sectors and the correction of the 
excessive trade imbalance." 

