SUMMARY 
                               The newly-elected Crimean Supreme Soviet has taken steps to give 
the autonomous republic of Krym (Crimea) greater independence 
from Ukraine, spurring the Ukrainian Government to reassert its 
authority over the autonomous republic.  By an overwhelming 
majority, the Crimean parliament on 20 May voted to restore 
Krym's canceled 1992 constitution that appeared to give Krym even 
more autonomy.  Despite the apparent wide support for this move 
in Krym, serious splits have developed among pro-independence 
forces on the Crimean side which may weaken their ability to 
pursue a strong policy toward Kiev. 
                          END SUMMARY 
   The 27 March-10 April Crimean parliamentary elections produced a 
strongly pro-independence Supreme Soviet, eager to carry out a 
program of restoring the 6 May 1992 Crimean Constitution (See 
Note 1) that calls for a bilateral treaty to govern relations 
between Ukraine and Krym, entitles Crimeans to dual citizenship 
in Ukraine and Russia, and allows the establishment of a separate 
Crimean internal security force (Radio Rossii, 20 May), but, in a 
concession to Kiev, affirms that Krym is part of Ukraine (Kiev 
Ukrayinske Radio, 20 May).  Within days of the opening of the 
recent Supreme Soviet session, newly-elected speaker Sergey 
Tsekov and his pro-Russian colleagues began moves toward 
independence.  Tsekov told journalists in a 15 May press 
conference that the majority Russia Bloc would carry out its 
program and restore the 1992 constitution (Krymskiye Izvestiya, 
17 May; Segodnya, 17 May).  On 20 May, despite Crimean President 
Yuriy Meshkov's urging postponement (ITAR-TASS, 19 May), 69 of 73 
deputies present voted to restore the 1992 constitution, with 
only the two Communist Party of Krym (KPK) members voting against 
and the Crimean Tatar faction refusing to participate (Ostankino 
TV, 20 May; Krymskaya Pravda, 21 May). 
   (Note 1)  The Crimean Supreme Soviet first adopted this 
constitution in May 1992 but under pressure from Kiev annulled it 
a few days later. 
   Likewise attempting to strengthen Krym's position vis-a-vis 
Ukraine and strengthen his own hand as well, Crimean President 
Yuriy Meshkov had unilaterally decreed on 11 April the removal of 
heads of the Crimean police ministries and the appointment of his 
own pro-Russian loyalists.  He named Volodymyr Lepikhov, deputy 
head of his presidential administration, as chairman of the 
Security Service and Major General Valery Kuznetsov, his 
presidential adviser on military issues, as acting internal 
affairs minister (UNIAN, 12 April). 
   Ukraine Reacts 
   The Ukrainian Government clearly interpreted these moves as 
initial steps toward secession from Ukraine and acted to reassert 
its authority over Krym.  Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk 
convened a session of the Ukrainian National Security Council on 
18 May, reportedly to discuss the situation (UNIAN, 19 May; Holos 
Ukrainy, 20 May).  Following the session, Kravchuk drafted 
decrees abrogating autonomy provisions governing the Crimean 
Internal Affairs and Justice Ministries and the Crimean Security 
Service, thereby subordinating them directly to their Ukrainian 
counterparts (Interfax, ITAR-TASS, 19 May; Holos Ukrainy, 25 May) 
and sent Ukrainian First Deputy Internal Affairs Minister 
Valentyn Nedryhaylo (see box) to take over the Crimean Internal 
Affairs Ministry (UNIAR, 19 May).  The same day, Kravchuk issued 
a public statement condemning the Crimean Supreme Soviet's 
preparations to restore the 1992 constitution--a document he said 
contravenes the Ukrainian Constitution"--as an effort "to create 
a basis for Krym's secession from Ukraine. "  He promised to take 
"all necessary measures" to "guarantee Ukraine's territorial 
integrity" (Kiev Radio, 18 May). 
   After the Crimean Supreme Soviet nevertheless went ahead and 
voted to restore the constitution, the Ukrainian Supreme Council 
immediately adopted a resolution annulling the constitution, 
calling Krym's action a "step toward . . . leaving the 
composition of Ukraine, which violates the territorial integrity 
of Ukraine and its state sovereignty" (See Note 2).  The 
resolution gave the Crimean Supreme Soviet 10 days to bring 
Krym's constitution "in line" with the constitution and laws of 
Ukraine (Kiev World Service, 21 May). 
   (Note 2)    By contrast, the Crimean Supreme Soviet has argued 
repeatedly that "not a single article of the Crimean Constitution 
violates the territorial integrity of Ukraine or leads to the 
review of the current state border" (Interfax, 21 May; Krymskaya 
Pravda, 24 May). 
   Mutual Deescalation 
   During the critical period after 20 May, both sides appeared 
concerned to avoid forcing the situation to a crisis.  Ukrainian 
and Crimean delegations met on 24 May and agreed to form a 
working group to negotiate constitutional, as well as economic, 
juridical, and security issues (ITAR-TASS, UNIAR, 24 May; ITAR- 
TASS, 2 June).  On 3 June Ukrainian and Crimean delegates agreed 
to create a joint working group, tasked with advancing proposals 
by 15 June to bring Crimean laws into conformity with the 
Ukrainian Constitution (Interfax, 3 June; Molod Ukrainy, 7 June). 
The Crimean parliament also reportedly decided to form an 
additional working group to address economic issues in greater 
detail (Interfax, 7 June), and requested the participation of 
Ukrainian economists Volodymyr Lanovyy and Viktor Pynzenyk in 
this group (UNIAN, 7 June). 
   Although the Crimean Supreme Soviet took no remedial action on 
the constitution issue, the Ukrainian Supreme Council let its 
deadline expire without additional threats.  The Council adopted 
a resolution reportedly merely reiterating that it considered 
Krym's constitution "secessionist" and "illegal," but not 
mandating any Ukrainian countermoves (AFP, 1 June). 
   Kravchuk likewise continued to condemn Crimean actions but made 
proposals apparently aimed at giving Krym a face-saving exit from 
the impasse.  In a 1 June address to the Ukrainian Supreme 
Council, Kravchuk reportedly described the Crimean leadership's 
actions as "destructive" to Ukraine's sovereignty and emphasized 
that resolution of the Crimean situation was "a matter of peace 
on the European continent" (UNIAN, 1 June).  He proposed a draft 
resolution that would form a panel of 10 president- and 
parliament-appointed judges--a Ukrainian "Constitutional Court" 
(ITAR-TASS, 1 June)--to review the legality of Krym's restoration 
of the 1992 constitution (AFP, 1 June).  According to the 1 June 
UNIAN report, the court would have "decision-making powers" and 
would also be asked to "advise" the Crimean Supreme Soviet to 
reconsider bringing its constitution in line with the 
constitution and laws of Ukraine.  Apparently attempting to 
further sweeten the proposal for Krym, Kravchuk also reportedly 
said in the address that he was "prepared" to consider a new 
power-sharing arrangement with Krym (AFP, 1 June). 
   Rifts Within the Russia Bloc 
   Although he is strongly pro-independence, Meshkov appears more 
moderate than many of the Russia Bloc legislators, and he has met 
difficulty in trying to rein them in.  In spite of the Ukrainian- 
Crimean working group's efforts at reconciliation, a number of 
pro-Russian Crimean Supreme Soviet deputies reportedly withheld 
approval of the 3 June Ukrainian-Crimean settlement, asserting 
that the final document should include more decisive references 
to Krym as an independent republic (Interfax, 7 June).  On 19 May 
ITAR-TASS reported that Meshkov had repeatedly called on Crimean 
legislators "not to raise the temperature" and demanded that the 
Supreme Soviet postpone its scheduled 19 May-vote on restoring 
the constitution.  The Supreme Soviet complied but only postponed 
the vote until the next day.  On 19 May Meshkov also reportedly 
proposed the formation of a government commission to go to Kiev 
for negotiations in the disputed policy areas (UNIAN, 19 May), 
but the parliament voted against the proposal (ITAR-TASS, 19 
May). 
   Meshkov and the Crimean Supreme Soviet also appear to be at odds 
over other issues not related to Krym's status in Ukraine.  On 26 
May the legislature turned down Meshkov's request for decree 
power and rejected his nominees to the Crimean cabinet (See Note 
3).  Only 29 of 94 deputies supported him (Molod Ukrainy, 31 
May), indicating that almost half of his own Russia Bloc--in 
addition to the KPK and the Crimean Tatars--voted against him 
(Segodnya, 28 May).  Parliament turned down another Meshkov 
request to strengthen presidential powers on 2 June, with 51 
voting against him (Interfax, 2 June).  Crimean Premier Yevgeniy 
Saburov, a Meshkov supporter, reportedly stated explicitly that a 
situation is developing in Crimea similar to the September- 
October 1993 Moscow situation and that "in the near future" the 
Crimean parliament deputies will try to "kick out" Meshkov (Radio 
Rossii, 31 May). 
   (Note 3)    According to Nezavisimaya Gazeta (4 June), a main 
factor in the Supreme Soviet's rejection of Meshkov's nominees 
was that many were brought in from Moscow, irritating the Russia 
Bloc which expected its own members to get the posts. 
   Meshkov's popularity appears to be sinking among the public as 
well as among legislators.  A 16 May poll in Simferopol showed 
only 30 percent supporting Meshkov, as compared to the 73 percent 
that voted for him in January (Molod Ukrainy, 31 May). 
   The Russia Bloc its elf appears divided, and the divisions 
jeopardize the bloc's narrow control in the Supreme Soviet. 
Although it won a striking victory in the parliamentary 
elections--gaining 54 of the 94 seats filled (ITAR-TASS, 11 
April)--the Russia Bloc's hold on the Supreme Soviet is 
nevertheless not very firm.  When the Crimean Supreme Soviet 
opened on 11 May and factions formed, only 47 of the 54 Russia 
Bloc deputies joined the "Rossiya" faction (Nezavisimaya Gazeta, 
13 May).  The Russia Bloc was able to elect one of its leaders as 
Supreme Soviet speaker--but just barely.  President Meshkov 
proposed his successor as chairman of the Republican Movement of 
Krym (Republican Party), Sergey Tsekov, for Supreme Soviet 
speaker, and Tsekov won with a bare majority, 48 to 45, out of 93 
voting (Holos Ukrainy, 12 May).  Three others from the Russia 
Bloc also ran, but Tsekov holds the most extreme position of the 
three, calling for the entire Black Sea Fleet to be Russia's, for 
restoring the 1992 Crimean Constitution, for Krym to gradually 
join Russia, for no additional rights to be given to the Tatars, 
and even for Ukraine to rejoin Russia.  His main rival for 
speaker, Vladimir Klyuchnikov, is more moderate, favoring 
additional rights for the Tatars and expressing doubts about Krym 
joining Russia (Holos Ukrainy, 12 May). 
   The election of deputy speakers also exposed internal differences 
in the Russia Bloc.  Tsekov proposed Russia Bloc leaders Aleksey 
Melnikov (deputy head of Republican Party of Krym Movement) and 
Viktor Mezhak (head of People's Party of Krym), but some members 
of the bloc voted against Melnikov, and he was defeated, 
receiving only 44 votes.  In retaliation, others voted against 
Mezhak, defeating him also.  Tsekov managed to get the bloc back 
together and elect both Melnikov (52 votes) and Mezhak (61 votes) 
(Krymskaya Pravda, 12 May; UNIAN, 11 May).  Dissension in the 
Russia Bloc has reached such a point that several deputies have 
said they will quit the bloc (Molod Ukrainy, 31 May; Izvestiya, 
28 May).  According to a 9 June Post-Inform report, the Crimean 
Supreme Soviet's 7 June plenary discussion of the 3 June 
Ukrainian-Crimean settlement confirmed the Russia Bloc's division 
into at least two factions:  the "Rossiya" faction approved the 3 
June settlement, but the "Respublika" faction (10 deputies) 
termed the settlement "treacherous." 
   In addition, Meshkov has apparently largely lost administrative 
and budgetary control over his police ministries, and at least 
one of the organizations has declared that it will obey orders 
only from Kiev.  The staff of the Crimean Security Service, 
apparently under Kravchuk appointee Kolomytsev, met and adopted a 
message declaring it would obey Kravchuk's orders, not the 
Crimean Government's (Krymskaya Pravda, 27 May).  Although the 
organizational structure of internal affairs in Krym is still 
unclear, at a joint press conference with Nedryhaylo on 24 May 
Kuznetsov reportedly made a plea for Kiev to fund the Internal 
Affairs Ministry in Krym (Interfax, 25 May). 
   Outlook 
   The Crimean and Ukrainian leaderships appear to be backing off 
from the collision course on which they embarked in mid-May. 
Splits between Meshkov and the Crimean legislature and among the 
Russia Bloc deputies themselves appear likely to further weaken 
the unity of the Crimean side, hindering efforts to counter 
Kiev's strong but measured reaction to Crimean moves to assert 
greater independence. 
   ***BEGIN BOX 1*** 
      Allegations of a Ukrainian Military "Coup" in Krym 
   In his 18 May presidential decrees Kravchuk reappointed Ivan 
Kolomytsev as chief of the Main Directorate of the Ukrainian 
Security Service in Krym and Colonel Valery Chernyshov as chief 
of the Main Directorate of Internal Affairs in Krym in place of 
Meshkov's appointees and reportedly gave them direct control of 
all property, armaments, and means of transport of the now 
abolished Crimean Security Service and Internal Affairs Ministry 
(ITAR-TASS, 19 May).  According to news reports, Ukrainian First 
Deputy Internal Affairs Minister Valentyn Nedryhaylo arrived in 
S,,imferopol unannounced at about 0300 on 19 May, accompanied by 15 
special forces [spetsnaz] troops," and at the Crimean Internal 
Affairs Ministry building he reportedly read Kravchuk's decree 
dismissing the leadership of the ministry and subordinating the 
ministry to the Ukrainian president (UNIAN, UNIAR, 19 May; 
Krymskaya Pravda, 20 May). 
   In an emotional speech to the Crimean Supreme Soviet, Acting 
Internal Affairs Minister Kuznetsov presented Ukraine's actions 
as a virtual invasion.  Following Nedryhaylo's appearance at the 
ministry, Kuznetsov went to the 19 May morning session of the 
Crimean parliament and President Meshkov--who was addressing the 
session--interrupted his own speech and immediately gave 
Kuznetsov the floor.  Kuznetsov declared to the parliament that a 
"military coup" was under way and was quoted as saying that 
Nedryhaylo and special forces had "secretly arrived" in 
Simferopol and made a "surprise attempt to seize" the Crimean 
Internal Affairs Ministry building, but the attempt had been 
barred by the "resolute actions" of the Crimean militia (UNIAN, 
19 May).  Kuznetsov said he persuaded Nedryhaylo to leave the 
ministry during the night but Nedryhaylo came back the next 
morning and announced Kravchuk's decree subordinating the 
ministry directly to Kiev's ministry and naming new heads 
(Krymskaya Pravda, 21 May).  Kuznetsov asked the Crimean Supreme 
Soviet to quickly approve his own appointment as internal affairs 
minister (UNIAN, 19 May) and it voted by a majority of 73 to do 
so (Krymskaya Pravda, 20 May). 
   ***END BOX 1*** 
   (AUTHOR:  NERO, HAHN.  QUESTIONS AND/OR COMMENTS, PLEASE CALL 
CHIEF, RUSSIAN ANALYSIS BRANCH, (703) 733-6070.) 
ENEAG/BLOUGH/PF 10/1645z Jun 

