BFN 

<F P=106> [By ITAR-TASS special correspondent] </F>
  [Text] Speyer TASS [no date as received] -- Taking a break 
from talks on European security, German Chancellor Helmut Kohl 
gave Russian President Boris Yeltsin a tour on Thursday of the 
region in Germany's southern Rhineland-Palatinate state, where 
the chancellor lives when not in Bonn. 
  Yeltsin and Kohl travelled to a small picturesque town of 
Speyer on the Rhine bank, where they toured the Romanesque 
11th-century cathedral, the world's biggest when it was built. 
  About 3,000 people greeted Yeltsin on the square in front of 
the cathedral. Among them, there were a lot of migrants from 
former Soviet republics. A group of ethnic German migrants from 
Kazakhstan were carrying a poster reading "Glory to the Russian 
people". "We wish you every success, Boris Nikolayevich", the 
gathering chanted. 
  A former militiaman of the Kazakh city of Barnaul, Ivan 
Gros, 
told TASS that ethnic Germans "highly appreciated yesterday's 
statement by the Russian president as regards Russia's German 
community. If the situation in localities changes for the 
better, I am confident that the number of people seeking to move 
to Germany will decrease drastically. So far, people are guided 
by economic considerations. Nevertheless, most ethnic German 
migrants are missing their motherland badly", he admitted. 
  Before the tour about the cathedral, the Russian president 
told reporters that the second day of his visit to Germany was 
not so intense as the first one. However, he stressed, today's 
meeting in Bonn with leaders of the opposition Social Democrats 
(SPD) enabled me to better understand the power balance in the 
country ahead of this year's election. On the whole, talks 
never cease -- in the bus, in the car, at the table, Yeltsin 
noted. 

