BFN 

  [Excerpt] The Inkatha Freedom Party has expressed strong 
opposition to the deployment of members of the ANC's military 
wing as part of the National Peacekeeping Force. Units of the 
force arrived in the Witwatersrand over the weekend and will be 
deployed in Thokoza and Katlehong, among others. 
  [Begin SABC reporter Andries van Zyl recording] At De Brug 
outside Bloemfontein, where the major part of the peacekeeping 
force is being trained, Television News was refused admission. 
We were told that instructions have been received that no news 
teams are to be allowed in as the force is going through final 
preparations before deployment. The seven companies of about 
1,800 men who have passed the training evaluation will be the 
first to be deployed. The pilot group was deployed in the PWV 
[Pretoria, Witwatersrand, Vereeniging] last week, but today 
there was some uncertainty as to whether all the seven companies 
will be sent there. Latest information is that the main force 
will leave De Brug by Wednesday and be deployed on Thursday. 
The five companies who have failed the evaluation are in the 
meantime being retrained. According to initial planning they 
will begin their duties next week. [end recording] 
  [Begin recording] [SABC reporter Jessica Pitchford] East of 
Johannesburg residents of Katlehong and Thokoza are growing 
accustomed to the soldiers in blue who arrived in the area at 
the weekend. The South African Defense Force [SADF] will 
withdraw from the area this week, after which the new 
peacekeeping force will begin patrolling the area. Members of 
the new force were being shown the ropes today by the defense 
force. [passage omitted] [end recording] 

