Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The British Foreign Office has decided to expel 
Sudanese Ambassador 'Ali 'Uthman Yasin following talks between 
Mark Lennox-Boyd, deputy secretary of state for foreign affairs, 
and Sudanese Charge d'Affaires 'Abd-al-Rahman Bakhit this 
morning. The British Foreign Office has asked the Sudanese 
Foreign Ministry to answer its request addressed to the Sudanese 
authorities to change its stance and reverse its decision last 
week to expel the British ambassador in Khartoum. 
  Our correspondent Hasan Zaytun, who met the Sudanese charge 
d'affaires following the British decision, said: 
  [Begin recording] [Zaytun] We spoke with the Sudanese charge 
d'affaires about the British Foreign Office decision and he 
expressed his regret. 
  [Bakhit] This is a diplomatic principle. The British 
Government has applied the policy of reciprocity and responded 
to our decision to expel British Ambassador Streams. 
  [Zaytun] Asked if the crisis and Sudanese-British relations 
could worsen to involve other areas, Bakhit said: 
  [Bakhit] I don't believe this will happen. We have great 
confidence that as long as the channels of dialogue remain open 
between Sudan and Britain, many issues can be solved through 
dialogue. We do not believe the crisis will worsen. 
  [Zaytun] The Sudanese charge said the British Government's 
giving the Sudanese ambassador a period in which to leave London 
does not mean the mutual expulsion decision may be reconsidered. 
But he reiterated that the two sides have said they hope the 
crisis will remain a diplomatic one. [end recording] 

