BFN 

<F P=106> ["Arbitrariness and Partiality Cannot Work"--KCNA headline] </F>
  [Text] Pyongyang, April 14 (KCNA) -- The United States is 
resorting to arbitrariness and high-handedness under the pretext 
of "nuclear non-proliferation" and the International Atomic 
Energy Agency and the United Nations Security Council [UNSC] are 
playing into the hands of the United States. 
  Commenting on this, MINJU CHOSON today says: 
  After agreeing to and making public four simultaneous 
actions 
with the DPRK, the United States totally reneged its promise, 
raising unreasonable preconditions, while some officials of the 
IAEA adopted a "resolution" urging the DPRK to allow it to 
complete the "unfinished" inspection and the UN Security Council 
discussed the issue of the DPRK on the basis of its "conclusion" 
and issued even a "presidential statement." 
  The high-handedness of the United States and the behavior of 
the UN Security Council and the IAEA grossly contradict the 
spirit of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and seriously 
damage the mission of the international organizations to which 
impartiality is indispensable. 
  The nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula cropped up when 
the 
United States massively deployed nuclear weapons in South Korea 
and began scheming a nuclear war against the DPRK. 
  The solution of the issue is possible only when the United 
States keeps the promise it made to the DPRK and withdraws from 
South Korea, taking along all the nuclear weapons. 
  The UN Security Council and the IAEA must apologize to the 
Korean people for their criminal acts and immediately revoke the 
unjustifiable "presidential statement" and "resolution." And 
they must not become a target of worldwide criticism and 
denunciation by playing into the hands of a big power but 
observe the principle of impartiality conforming to their 
intrinsic mission. 

