BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Abraham Ardon for "The Morning Newspaper" </F>
newscast] 
  [Text] First Congress Vice President Jorge Arturo Reina 
returned from Cuba amid constant announcements about his return 
to the legislative branch. The president's brother announced he 
will carefully study the recently implemented economic measures 
before commenting on the issue. He said, however, these measures 
are undesirable and unpleasant because they negatively affect 
the majority of the Honduran people. Despite this, the 
congressman explained, the political slogan "Power to the 
people" is still valid, adding that some measures are 
unavoidable given the country's economic situation. 
  [Begin recording] [Reina] I want to tell you I have yet to 
talk with anyone in the economic cabinet about this issue. That 
is why I would rather say nothing right now. I will talk with 
some of them today, however, and I will be pleased to discuss 
the issue tomorrow. 
  [Ardon] Dr. Reina, what happened to the slogan "Power to the 
people"? 
  [Reina] It is still in effect. What happens is that we found 
an extremely serious economic situation. I have learned about 
the economic cabinet's analysis. It said the situation is so 
acute the country is headed for a collapse if no financing is 
found and if fuel consumption is not restricted. Consequently, 
certain measures are unwanted and undesirable for everyone, but 
they are absolutely essential. The magnitude and duration of 
those measures is another problem. 
  [Ardon] What about the human side mentioned in the campaign, 
Dr. Jorge Arturo Reina? 
  [Reina] I do not know. I do not know. Frankly, I cannot 
provide an answer because, like I said a few minutes ago, I have 
yet to talk to the economic cabinet. I would rather not comment. 
  [Ardon] There is already talk about the implementation of 
further economic measures, Dr. Reina. What is your opinion? 
  [Reina] I believe the measures should not continue. 
Something should be done to prevent those measures because the 
essential goal is to help the vast majority of the population 
and seek the legal, juridical, and financial mechanisms that 
allow us to help the vast majority of the Honduran people. That 
is the main goal of this government. 
  [Ardon] Dr. Reina, the trips made by the previous 
government's officials were criticized. How do you explain your 
trip to Cuba? 
  [Reina] Not a single cent of the Honduran Government's money 
was spent. Not a single cent. 
  [Ardon] Dr. Reina, did you talk with Commander Fidel Castro 
in the island of Cuba? Also, who issued the invitation? 
  [Reina] [Words indistinct] invitation and the minister of 
tourism visited Honduras some time ago, and he invited us to see 
the status of their plans to develop tourism in Cuba. Frankly, 
they are spectacular. Frankly, they are spectacular. I had no 
idea they could be done in this magnitude. 
  [Ardon] Dr. Reina, your participation in the legislative 
branch has been questioned because you do not frequently attend 
its sessions. 
  [Reina] I already said I would return to the National 
Congress after Holy Week -- and here I am, ready to work full 
time. I will always be willing to cooperate with the Executive 
Branch. [end recording] 

