BFN 

<F P=106> ["Cursed Acts of 'Civilian' Dictator" -- KCNA headline] </F>
  [Text] Pyongyang, May 28 (KCNA) -- NODONG SINMUN today raps 
the acts of the "civilian" dictator, Kim Yong-sam, in 
obstructing the second meeting of the joint presidium of the 
National Alliance for the Country's Reunification (Pomminnyon). 
The meeting was to be held by Pomminnyon officials of the 
North, the South and overseas through communications in 
Pyongyang, Seoul and Tokyo. 
  Recalling that the South Korean authorities on May 26, the 
day of the meeting, made a surprise raid on the office room of 
the South side's officials of Pomminnyon, searched it, seized 
documents and the telephone and cut off the telephone line by 
mobilizing scores of policemen, the news analyst continues: 
  This act of blocking even a telephone meeting proves once 
again that the South Korean society is, indeed, a closed society 
where the people are not allowed to travel their own land or 
visit fellow countrymen or converse on the telephone and that 
the South Korean authority styling himself a "civilian" ruler is 
a fascist dictator more ferocious than the preceding military 
dictators. 
  The Kim Yong-sam fascist clique, in an attempt to foil the 
meeting of the joint presidium of Pomminnyon, charged that the 
telephone meeting contravened the "National Security Law" 
prohibiting a meeting with "enemy-benefiting organizations". 
This is a cursed act that can be done only by the traitors who 
dislike reunification and this confirms once again that the Kim 
Yong-sam group is a heinous separatist group opposed to 
reunification, which regards the entire nation desirous of 
reunification as an "enemy". 
  The Kim Yong-sam group must scrap and dissolve at once such 
anti- national and anti-reunification legal and institutional 
devices as the "National Security Law" and the "Security 
Planning Board" and stop suppressing and undermining Pomminnyon. 

