BFN 

<F P=106> [By Jakarta Correspondent Paul Jacob] </F>
  [Text] Jakarta -- Research and Technology Minister B.J. 
Habibie yesterday denied that the cost of 39 former East German 
naval vessels was higher than estimated but admitted that the 
overall cost to support their operations would total at least 
US$1.1 billion [Singapore dollar] (S$1.7 billion). 
  He said that the US$1.1 billion figure included not only the 
cost of the vessels themselves but refurbishment and a range of 
new facilities such as bases that would have to be built to 
support their operations. 
  Dr Habibie, who put the cost of each vessel at between US$10 
million and US$12 million, made the comments in response to an 
article in the latest edition of the TEMPO weekly magazine which 
put the cost of the vessels alone at US$1.1 billion. 
  Indonesia purchased 16 corvettes, 14 landing ship tanks and 
nine minesweepers from Germany last year and has already taken 
delivery of nine vessels. 
  TEMPO reported that Dr Habibie sought US$1.1 billion from 
Finance Minister Mar'ie Muhammad to purchase the vessels but the 
request was turned down. 
  He then reportedly asked for US$600 million, which was again 
rejected, and then sought US$400 million which Mr Mari'e also 
rejected. 
  The article said that given the US$1.1 billion price tag, it 
would have been better to buy newer multi-purpose vessels which 
would have cost less -- and would not have caused friction 
between Mr Mar'ie and Dr Habibie, the magazine said. 
  In his remarks to reporters before a Cabinet session 
yesterday, Dr Habibie appeared to be furious about the article 
and repeated time and again that the ships alone did not cost 
that much and were also not old vessels. 
  He said, for instance, that the oldest vessel had only been 
in service for seven years before being mothballed when the two 
Germanies united. 
  Dr Habibie underlined again that the cost had not been 
inflated and that there would be no cancellation of the purchase 
plans. 
  When it announced the purchase last year, Indonesia said 
that 
it was doing so as it needed to replace several of its ageing 
vessels and also needed the numbers to patrol and safeguard its 
vast territorial waters. 

