BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Dr. Nabil Sha'th, 'Arafat's political </F>
adviser, by Mahmud Abu-'Ubayd; place and date not given] 
  [Excerpts] [Abu-'Ubayd] Dr. Sha'th, what are your 
feelings on the first day of your assuming the duties of your 
post? 
  [Sha'th] I am very happy and optimistic, especially as I see 
a readiness for the building stage in the eyes of my people and 
colleagues, and I hope we will succeed in building our state 
with Jerusalem as its capital. 
  [Abu-'Ubayd] You talk about Jerusalem before you have 
reached it, and Israel continues to make statements confirming 
that the [Palestinian] Authority will not go beyond the 
boundaries of self-rule or reach Jerusalem. Besides, Jerusalem 
is not included in the self-rule budget. 
  [Sha'th] The new authority will develop and reach Jerusalem. 
Israel can say whatever it likes, but the reality of the 
negotiations is another thing. They [Israelis] will not be able 
to impose their will on us. The National Authority's 
institutions are being set up in Gaza and Jericho. But the 
other institutions have to be in Jerusalem. In other words, the 
National Authority's ministries will be based in Gaza and 
Jericho, while the other economic and social institutions will 
be based in Jerusalem. Because Jerusalem is the capital of our 
state. This is the accurate implementation of the agreement, 
which stresses the need to implement it within the framework of 
international Resolution No. 242. 
  I would like also to point out that the new authority will 
devote great attention to Jerusalem, especially with regard to 
its building and reconstruction. Incidentally, this was part of 
the agreement with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, which stressed 
its willingness to contribute to bolstering Jerusalem. We will 
do our utmost to build houses, public facilities, and 
institutions in Arab Jerusalem. 
  [Abu-'Ubayd] What is the nature of the financial crisis 
facing the new Palestinian Authority? 
  [Sha'th] There is no crisis now. At the donor states 
meeting in Paris we managed to agree on covering the deficit in 
current expenditures. And we will try to collect taxes to avoid 
an increase in the deficit. We expect to face some difficulties 
in collecting these taxes within the coming four months. This 
is why the donor states will cover this deficit. The donor 
states decided to grant us $42 million in cash, and they have 
indeed given us this sum, which I have brought with me to the 
[Gaza] Strip. [passage omitted] 
  [Abu-'Ubayd] Has the Palestinian position on the Arab 
boycott [of Israel] changed? 
  [Sha'th] We will comply with the economic agreement signed 
with Israel. We will not continue the boycott, by virtue of the 
existence of an economic agreement signed between us and them. 
  However, this agreement does not mean ending the Arab 
boycott. There is nothing to compel the Arab states to import 
from Israel. On the contrary, the economic agreement signed with 
Israel does not allow us to reexport products from Israel. The 
first and second tables in the economic agreement allow us only 
to import what is required to meet local needs. The agreement 
does not allow us to reexport Israeli goods. 
  Relations to be established between the Arab states and 
Israel will not be conducted via the Palestinians. We will not 
be a bridge before a full peace has been achieved, nor will we 
agree to play a broker's role. 

