CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Eduardo Chimely Chimely] </F>
  [Text] Guadalajara, Jalisco, 30 March--Some 20 km southeast 
of Jilotlan de los Dolores, the Mexican Army destroyed a 
marijuana plantation on 10,000 square meters, containing an 
estimated 30,000 plants of the drug nearly ready for harvesting. 
The announcement was made today by Jesus Gutierrez Rebollo, 
commander of the 15th Military Zone. 
  He added that this action brings the number of marijuana 
plantations destroyed to 331, and of poppy crops eliminated to 
151; noting that, all told, they covered an area of 45 hectares. 
  In announcing the drug destruction, he stressed that it was 
being done as part of the permanent campaign against the drug 
traffic, which is in the special phase of "Regional Operation 
I-94," initiated on 10 March. 
  He reported that Mexican Army forces, during their tours 
through the sierra region, detected the plantation 20 km 
southeast of Jilotlan de los Dolores. It was situated on an area 
of 10 hectares, with a density of three plants per square meter, 
reaching a height of 1.9 meters. He indicated that they were 
almost ready for harvesting. 
  Immediately after giving the pertinent notice of the 
discovery to their headquarters, the forces engaged in the tour 
began destroying the marijuana. They uprooted all the plants 
manually, later placing them on the dryers and stacking them in 
other places. The officer noted that, after being soaked with 
diesel oil, the marijuana was ignited. 

