Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:CSO 

  [Text] Balasore, Nov. 30--The medium range 
surface-to-surface missile `Prithvi' was launched from the 
interim test range (ITR) at Chandipur-on-sea, 15 km from here, 
today, reports PTI. 
  Official sources said that the indigenously developed 
missile 
with a range of 250 kms was test-fired from a mobile launched at 
12.25 pm. 
  This is the 12th test-fire of `Prithvi' which is programmed 
to hit an island ``Tentuli Chadda'' in the Bay of Bengal. 
  `Prithvi,' the most sophisticated tactical battlefield 
missile, was first test-fired from the rocket launching centre 
at Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh in 1988. 
  Official sources said, a series of test termed as `users 
test' would be conducted before the missile is handed over to 
the defence force. 
  Powered by a liquid propellant, Prithvi is one among the 
five 
missiles under the integrated guided missile development 
programme (IGMDP). The missile is now being produced at the 
public sector Bharat Dynamic Limited, Hyderabad and has the 
latest onboard computers as well as an advanced inertia 
navigation system. 
  The three services chiefs, along with DRDO chief Dr A.P.J. 
Abdul Kalam, were present during the launch, reports UNI. 
  Earlier, the Balasore district authorities had declared a 
ten-km radius around the island as a risk zone, and prohibited 
fishermen from approaching the island in their boats and 
trawlers. Four villages around the launching pad were evacuated. 

