Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["Own information" report under "Correspondents Comment" </F>
rubric: "Korean Peninsula To Be Nuclear-Free?"] 
  [Text] In the last few days there have been encouraging 
signs of prospects for pacification on the Korean peninsula and 
for turning it into a nuclear-free zone, a statement by the 
Russian Society for Friendship and Cultural Cooperation With the 
DPRK says. An International Atomic Energy Agency inspection of 
North Korean nuclear facilities has begun. High-level talks on 
exchanging special envoys between North and South have been 
resumed. South Korea and the United States have desisted from 
holding the provocative "Team Spirit-94" joint military 
maneuvers. Finally, an agreement has been reached on resuming 
the third round of the North Korean-U.S. talks in Geneva on 21 
March this year. All this gives rise to hope of a solution to 
the so-called nuclear question, that is to say the question of 
ridding the Korean peninsula of nuclear weapons. 
  But this is quite obviously only the beginning of a general 
process of achieving nonnuclear status for Northeast Asia. It 
must not be forgotten that the country behind all the 
insinuations regarding nuclear developments in North Korea is 
above all none other than Japan, which has for a long time been 
secretly forcing the pace in nuclear missile weapons development 
and production. Therefore Northeast Asia, naturally including 
the Korean peninsula, can be reliably rid of nuclear weapons 
only if Japan conscientiously joins the nonnuclear process. 
  The Russian Society for Friendship and Cultural Cooperation 
With the DPRK, like all the Korean people's real friends, 
energetically supports all sides' efforts toward nuclear 
regulation on the Korean peninsula and expresses its confidence 
that they will end in success. 

