Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by S. S. Ivanov, Oceanology Institute imeni P. P. </F>
Shirshov, Russian Academy of Sciences, Moscow; UDC 550] 
  [Abstract] It was demonstrated earlier that ordinary 
fractal geometry methods are inapplicable for research on many 
natural processes and objects and therefore the concept of 
self-affine sets was introduced. These self-affine sets are 
characterized by two different fractal dimensions, local and 
global (both these values coincide in the case of ordinary 
self-similarity). Many unsuccessful attempts have been made to 
develop an adequate and convenient method for evaluating the 
fractal properties of such sets, but a number of difficulties 
were encountered. A new method is therefore proposed for 
evaluating the scale invariance of self-affine sets which is 
based on investigation of the scale properties of mean values 
and dispersions. The method is explained in detail. Examples are 
cited from different branches of the earth sciences (field of 
specific intensity of seismic process, relief of surface of 
solid Earth, sequence of geomagnetic field reversals during the 
last 160 million years) showing that self-similarity is 
characteristic of the most diverse natural processes and that 
the proposed method makes possible reliable evaluation of their 
fractal dimensions. In cases when counterscaling reveals 
considerable asymmetry, as in the case of regional relief, it is 
possible to speak of a more complex structure of the set than 
simple self-similarity in which the fractal characteristics, 
determined "from inside" and "from outside" the set, differ 
significantly. In such a situation the determined fractal 
dimensions can be identified with local and global self-affine 
sets respectively. Figures 3; references: 5 Russian, 6 Western. 

