Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Cairo, 9 Jan (MENA)--Dr. Nabil Sha'th, political 
adviser to Palestinian President Yasir 'Arafat, has emphasized 
that Egypt's support for the Palestinian negotiating delegation 
has been and will remain strong. He noted that President Husni 
Mubarak and Foreign Minister 'Amr Musa are making major efforts 
to support the Palestinian delegation. 
  Sha'th left Cairo today for Taba to attend the Gaza-Jericho 
talks. In a departure statement, he said that the Palestinian 
delegation will negotiate without preconditions, except for its 
commitment to the Declaration of Principles signed with Israel, 
and it will capitalize on the progress made in the talks held 
during the past three months. 
  The Gaza-Jericho Committee will resume its meetings in Taba 
tomorrow, Monday, between the Palestinian side led by Dr. Sha'th 
and the Israeli side led by Assistant Chief of Staff Amnon 
Shahaq. 
  Sha'th said the aim of the talks is to reach an agreement 
with the Israeli side on all contentious issues, which would 
allow the agreement to be implemented in the next three weeks. 
He added: We believe that this period is enough, provided that 
there is goodwill on the Israeli side. If we manage to conclude 
an agreement quickly, there will be a chance for a meeting 
between Palestinian President Yasir 'Arafat and Israeli Prime 
Minister Yitzhaq Rabin to sign and begin implementing the 
agreement. 

