Language: <F P=105> Polish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Warsaw, 9 Feb -- While commenting on the outcome of 
yesterday's coalition talks, Leszek Moczulski, KPN 
[Confederation for an Independent Poland] leader, told PAP: 
"Both sides are not yet mature enough to part. The coalition 
has been pasted together." For Moczulski it is only a formal 
blurring of the conflict and the next one may take place as 
early as in four weeks' time. 
  The KPN leader is of the opinion that none of the concrete 
matters have been resolved. It has not been explained, for 
example, what will be the government attitude towards 
privatization; whether it will be like that of Bogdan Pek, head 
of the ownership transformation commission, or that of Wieslaw 
Kaczmarek, minister for ownership transformations. The matter 
of the Ministry of Finance has not been resolved, Moczulski 
claims, except for agreeing that the ministerial post still 
belongs to the SLD [Democratic Left Alliance]. 
  Moczulski asks, does it mean agreement for, for example, Mr 
Sekula [head of the Main Customs Office] becoming the minister? 
According to him the SLD has no suitable candidates for the 
post, perhaps with the exception of professor Jozef Kaleta who, 
as Moczulski said, has different economic views. 
  Moczulski described the results of Tuesday's talks as an 
avoidance of important issues and an agreement that the 
existence of the coalition is in the interest of both sides. 

