BFN 

  [Text] Gyula Horn is suspicious of the circumstances of his 
6 May car accident. He referred to this yesterday at a party 
forum: 
  [Begin Horn recording] I do not know what to call this 
accident. But, to say the least, the description of what 
happened to the three of us in the car is not quite correct. 
[end recording] 
  Interior Minister Imre Konya reacted to the party chairman's 
remark last night in a statement given to a news agency: 
  In Hungarian television's "Newsreel" program yesterday, 
Gyula 
Horn, chairman of the Hungarian Socialist Party [MSZP], 
questioned the circumstances of the accident which happened to 
him. If a party chairman is involved in an accident a few days 
before the elections, it will inevitably raise speculation. The 
thought has occurred to several people that Gyula Horn's enemies 
within the party could be behind the affair, all the more 
because the MSZP could benefit from an accident at the elections. 
  The police have no reliable information at their disposal 
which would support the idea of any kind of deliberate 
intention. However, judging from Gyula Horn's statement, one 
must draw the conclusion that the party chairman may have inside 
information from which he could have concluded that somebody 
made an attempt on his life. However, in this case, it is not 
right to make obscure statements. The evidence should be given 
to the police immediately, Interior Minister Imre Konya said. 

