BFN 

<F P=106> ["Windows" column by Diya' Hasan: "Real Drop of the Dollar </F>
Has Begun"] 
  [Text] It is good that a drop in the dollar value has begun 
to be felt in the market. We hope this positive phenomenon is 
accompanied by a similar drop in the prices of the commodities 
citizens need, especially food. The price of food has soared, 
under the pretext of the high price of the dollar. 
  The drop in the dollar's value in these circumstances is a 
sign that Iraq can adjust its economic conditions in a way that 
will enable it to overcome all the negative plans aimed at Iraq 
by outsiders. They exploit the unjust siege imposed on it and 
work for a decline in the value of its currency. 
  Such a sign emphasizes anew that the present economic 
difficulties will pass. They can be overcome as soon as the 
siege is lifted. Iraq has capabilities and resources that give 
it the chance to restore the health of its national currency as 
a basis and supporter of new progress. 
  What adds optimism to the vision of the future is that 
despite the multiparty conspiracy against the Iraqi dinar, its 
real value is seen in ration cards. The Iraqi fil, which is no 
longer in circulation, has a declared value within citizens' 
monthly purchases of subsidized food. 
  If the fil has value in circumstances of pressure and 
aggressive plotting, then the dinar has greater value in such 
circumstances, and will have increasing value in the future. 
The dinar is based on resources under Iraq's land. This 
signals future prosperity coupled with calculated economic 
policies and an enlightened popular awareness about how to 
behave and how to invest money, according to priorities and 
without squandering. The dinar is in good shape, and the 
extraordinary situation will end. 

