BFN 

  [Text] The anticorruption coordinating leading group of 
the provincial party committee and government held a joint 
meeting of provincial-level supervision departments in Chengdu 
yesterday. Discipline and law enforcement departments, such as 
the provincial discipline inspection commission, the provincial 
procuratorate and court, the provincial public security, 
justice, and supervision departments, and the industrial and 
commercial bureau reported their handling of major and important 
cases. Xie Shijie, secretary of the provincial party committee 
and Deputy Secretary Song Baorui addressed the meeting. [words 
indistinct] 
  In the first quarter important results were achieved in 
handling major and important cases. 
  The meeting participants stressed: Combating corruption and 
encouraging incorruptibility is a long-term task. All 
localities and departments should attach great importance and 
make unremitting efforts to carry out the task, enhance the 
ability to handle cases and handle cases where they occur, and 
at the same time, pay attention to education, the legal system, 
the establishment of rules and regulations, and leaders' 
exemplary role so as to form a political atmosphere of combating 
corruption and encouraging incorruptibility and promote social 
stability. 
  The meeting pointed out: Party committees and governments at 
all levels should pay keen attention to the handling of major 
and important cases, work hard to achieve good results, further 
boost the confidence of the masses of people in the 
anticorruption struggle, maintain social stability, and ensure 
the smooth progress of reform and opening up to the outside 
world. 
  The meeting also discussed and affirmed the implementation 
method concerning the self-rectification and self-correction of 
leading cadres at the county and office levels of party and 
government organizations in accordance with the new stipulations 
on honestly performing official duties and exercising 
self-discipline. 
  Also present at the meeting were Yang Zhonghui, Lo 
Liangyang, 
Li Yulong, Gong Dulun, Zhou Guangyan, and other leading comrades. 

