BFN 

  [Text] India is to ask the ESCAP [Economic and Social 
Commission for Asia and the Pacific] member countries to oppose 
any neoprotectionist trade barriers. Speaking to newsmen on the 
issues before the ESCAP New Delhi meet, the commerce secretary, 
Mr. Tejinder Khanna, said neoprotectionism should not be allowed 
to cast its shadow on the post-Uruguay Round of world trade [as 
heard]. India, he said, is opposed to creation of roadblocks in 
the free flow of global trade under any pretext. He said New 
Delhi firmly believes that bilateral and multilateral 
differences should not come in the way of regional economic and 
trade cooperation. There is also a need for greater interaction 
between the business community of the ESCAP countries without 
interference from the government. The commerce secretary hoped 
that the golden jubilee session of the ESCAP being inaugurated 
by the prime minister this morning will endorse our stand and 
establish a trade information network for the purpose. 
  The ESCAP executive secretary, Mr. Rafiuddin Ahmad, told 
newsmen that member countries have to be watchful of insidious 
attempts of protectionism in world trade. 
  The chairman of the session and commerce minister, Mr. 
Pranab 
Mukherjee, has said technology transfer is an important element 
in strengthening regional cooperation. He stated this is an 
interview with our special correspondent, A.K. Sengupta, 
broadcast in the Spotlight program last night. Mr. Mukherjee 
said the Asia-Pacific Center have been shifted to New Delhi with 
India developing an indigenous base for appropriate technologies 
relevant to the member countries. 
  Representatives of 48 member countries and 10 associate 
members will participate in the week-long conference. 

