Language: <F P=105> Japanese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Announcer-read report over video; from the "NHK News 7" </F>
program] 
  [Text] Foreign Minister Tsutomu Hata, who heads Shinseito 
[Japan Renewal Party], held a news conference in Kumamoto 
Prefecture today and commented on the issue of Prime Minister 
Morihiro Hosokawa's receipt of a 100-million yen loan from the 
Tokyo Sagawa Kyubin trucking company. He stressed that with 
many difficult tasks piling up, it would not be advisable to 
dissolve the lower house. Hata added that as Prime Minister 
Hosokawa said he had submitted everything he could to the Diet, 
it was important to promptly convene a lower house Budget 
Committee meeting to settle the Sagawa loan issue. Hata then 
touched on the issue of dissolving the lower house and the 
ensuing general election, saying it was not the right time to 
become involved in dissolving the lower house and holding a 
general election because, with the adoption of a new electoral 
system, work had already started on designating new electoral 
districts and many difficult tasks still had to be faced. 
  Meanwhile, Yoshiro Mori, secretary general of the Liberal 
Democratic Party [LDP], also commented on the Hosokawa-Sagawa 
loan issue during an appearance on a commercial television 
program. He said that if the prime minister continued to refuse 
to submit additional material and rejected demands that his 
former secretary appear before the Diet for questioning, the 
cabinet had to take responsibility. He indicated that unless 
Hosokawa agreed to clear suspicions surrounding the loan, the 
LDP was prepared to force the cabinet to resign en masse or have 
the lower house dissolved. 

