Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> ["Pool" item] </F>
  [Text] Belgrade, Jan 14 (TANJUG) - Yugoslav Deputy Prime 
Minister Zeljko Simic on Friday [14 January] pointed at the 
decisive role played by, as he said, `the hasty and rashly' 
policy of the European Union in the eruption of the conflict in 
the former Yugoslav Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina. 
  During talks with a Spanish parliamentary delegation, Simic 
underscored there would have been no war in Bosnia-Herzegovina 
if the right to self-determination of peoples was `applied 
universally and not selectivelly.' He said it was the 
legitimate right of the Serbian people to fight for its rigth to 
self-determination. The Spanish delegation was recieved by the 
Chairman of the Yugoslav Parliament's Board for Foreign and 
Economic Relations, Borisav Jovic, who assessed that the war of 
the territory of the former Yugoslavia could end soon if Europe 
and the United States exerted uniform pressure on the three 
warring sides -- Moslems, Serbs and Croats -- in 
Bosnia-Herzegovina. 
  Jovic called for the soonest possible lifting of the 
international sanctions imposed against the Federal Republic of 
Yugoslavia and assessed that without any valid historical 
explaination Yugoslavia was being converted into `a 
concentration camp in which people are starting to die of 
hunger' at the threshold of the twenty first century. He 
recalled that Yugoslavia had maximumly contributed to the 
peaceful solution to the conflict on the territory of the former 
Yugoslavia and that at the same time it was subject to sanctions 
which have destroyed it economically, although it is not at war 
nor has it provoked the war in any way. 
  Jovic said the basic aims of Yugoslavia's foreign policy 
were 
the restoration of peace on the territory of the former 
Yugoslavia, the lifting of the sanctions and the reintegration 
of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia into the international 
community. 
  The Spanish delegation, headed by Ernest Luch, assessed that 
the international community hastly recognized the separatist 
Yugoslav republics. The speaker of the Yugoslav parliament's 
chamber of republics, Milos Radulovic, underscored during his 
meeting with the Spanish delegation that the Federal Republic of 
Yugoslavia has since the very beginning been urging through its 
parliament the search for a solution in Bosnia by peaceful means 
and on an equal basis for all the three sides in conflict. 

