BFN 

  [Excerpts] The various opposition political parties 
represented in Congress have united to safeguard democracy in 
Bolivian at this difficult moment. This opposition bloc 
comprises the following parties: the Nationalist Democratic 
Action, Condepa [Conscience of the Fatherland], MIR [Movement of 
the Revolutionary Left], ASD [Democratic Socialism Alternative], 
PDC [Christian Democratic Party], Arbol [Bolivian Renewal 
Alternative]; Eje [National Convergency Axis], and PRIN 
[Revolutionary Party of the Nationalist Left]. 
  These political parties believe the government has clearly 
proven it does not know how to hold a dialogue, does not wish to 
reach agreements, and shamelessly imposes its will and commits 
abuses in the exercise of power. [passage omitted] 
  President Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada has voiced satisfaction 
over the creation of an opposition front. Government spokesman 
Ernesto Machicado released the chief of state's message 
regarding the new opposition bloc formed by eight political 
parties represented in Congress. 
  [Begin Machicado recording] The Bolivian people are tired of 
sterile confrontations that lead nowhere and only generate a 
collective sense of frustration and discouragement. 
  For this reason, at a time when social tension is declining 
and the doors for fraternity and understanding are being opened, 
I welcome with great satisfaction the announcement by eight 
opposition political leaders of their willingness to negotiate 
agreements and to discuss and solve the great problems that 
affect us all. I fully agree with them that differences of a 
doctrinal, programmatic, and political nature cannot prevail 
over national interests. [end recording] 

