Hydrocracking   Catalysts 

<F P=102> 947M0018A Moscow KHIMIYA I TEKHNOLOGIYA TOPLIV I MASEL in 
Russian No. 11, Nov 93 pp 9-12 </F>

<F P=103> 947M0018A </F>
<F P=104>  Moscow KHIMIYA I TEKHNOLOGIYA TOPLIV I MASEL </F>
<F P=105>  Russian </F>
CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by N.S. Khashagulgova, L.L. Freyman, Yu.N. </F>
Zelentsov, B.K. Nefedov, and I.Ye. Gorbatkina, All-Russian 
Scientific Research Institute of Petroleum Refining and 
Angarsknefteorgsintez Production Association; UDC 
66.097.3:665.654.2] 
  [Abstract] Zeolites with a pentacyl structure, such as 
TsVK, TsVM, TsVM, and ultrasil, are the main catalysts used in 
hydrodeparaffinization or selective hydrocracking of n-paraffin 
hydrocarbons. To produce high-quality transformer oils from 
paraffin raw materials, these catalysts must possess not only a 
high splitting activity but also a sufficient hydrogenating 
activity. Most hydrogenating heterogeneous catalysts contain 
either noble or rare earth metals or else group VI metals. 
Catalysts containing a nickel-molybdenum complex have a higher 
hydrogenating activity than do catalysts into which metals have 
been added by coextrusion or impregnation. Deposition of a 
nickel-molybdenum complex on solid carriers (aluminosilicates or 
zeolites) helps increase their hydrogenating activity and thus 
helps decrease the content of hydrogenating metals in the 
catalyst. A catalyst's isomerizing activity and its ability to 
redistribute hydrogen (thereby reducing the yield of unsaturated 
compounds) increases in the presence of small quantities of 
wide-pore zeolites (mordenite or ultrastable Y). Tungsten helps 
increase a catalyst's hydrogenating activity in relation to 
polycyclic aromatic compounds, and zinc and chromium reduce 
metals' migration and thereby increase their dispersion and the 
stability of a catalyst's operation. Zinc facilitates 
aromatization of paraffins, and chromium compounds possess an 
independent hydrogenating activity. These and other laws were 
used to develop a new catalyst, SGK-5, which is designed to 
replace the combination SGK-1 plus type AKM hydrogenating 
catalyst. SGK-5 contains nickel and molybdenum as its 
hydrogenating components. SGK-5 is simpler to use than the SGK-1 
+ AKM combination; however, it has not been possible to fully 
hydrogenate unsaturated compounds in the presence of SGK-5 
(despite the fact that it has a higher hydrogenating activity 
than the SGK-1 + AKM combination). For this reason, studies were 
undertaken to increase the hydrogenating activity of SGK-5. 
Eight different versions of SGK-5 were produced and compared. 
The comparative tests established that catalysts containing 16 
to 20 percent (wt) nickel-molybdenum complex have a high 
hydrogenating activity coupled with a high yield of target 
fraction. When the nickel-molybdenum complex exceeds 20 percent, 
the zeolite content decreases, which has an unfavorable effect 
on the product pour point. Catalysts based on type TsVN zeolite 
were found to result in a target fraction with a low pour point. 
Type TsVM-III zeolite and wide-pore zeolites resulted in 
somewhat of an elevation of the product pour point; however, the 
addition of dealuminized mordenite had a favorable effect on 
yield of the target fraction. Roasting just at 340C did not 
result in adequate activation of the zeolite component of the 
catalyst or (consequently) the necessary product pour point. 
Staged roasting at 340 and 500C proved optimum. Tables 2; 
references 18: 14 Russian, 4 Western. 

