Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] The democratic forces of Dagestan may boycott the 
forthcoming parliamentary elections if the republic's leaders 
decide to form the parliament's upper chamber out of the local 
administrators, the headquarters of the Congress of Dagestan's 
Democratic Forces told Interfax. "Such a decision will be 
perceived as one more attempt to dupe the people and save the 
authority of the former party bureaucrats," the same source 
stated. 
  A political statement reflecting this belief is expected to 
be adopted during the Congress's meeting on Wednesday. This 
document will also contain a request for holding parliamentary 
election in April or May, 1994, not on June 12. In addition, 
the Congress is to discuss the possibility of holding a 
conference of democratic forces for working out a common 
election platform and forming an election bloc. Such a decision 
was motivated by the results of the elections on December 12, 
when the communists received 53.7% of the votes. 
  The Congress's headquarters also told Interfax that 
terrorism 
might be stepped up against the democratic deputies on the eve 
of the elections. 
  The number of assassinations is the greatest in Dagestan. 
Over the past three years, 57 people have been killed for 
political reasons. 

