Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpt] Riyadh, 17 Jan (SPA) -- The Council of Ministers 
held its weekly session at al-Yamamah Palace in Riyadh this 
afternoon under the chairmanship of His Royal Highness Prince 
Sultan Bin-'Abd- al-'Aziz, second deputy prime minister, 
minister of defense, and aviation inspector general. 
  After the meeting, His Excellency Information Minister 'Ali 
al- Sha'ir, told SPA that the cabinet listened to a summarized 
report on the most important events in the past 24 hours in the 
Arab, Islamic, and international arenas. The cabinet also 
discussed its constant interest in the progress of efforts aimed 
at laying down the foundations of peace in the region, and 
reviewed the current events in Afghanistan and 
Bosnia-Herzegovina and the continuous efforts made in these two 
respects. 
  Minister al-Sha'ir said: In the general context, His Royal 
Highness Prince Sultan Bin-'Abd-al-'Aziz talked to the cabinet 
about a number of issues included in the report and focused on 
the firm and well-known positions adopted by the Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia, under the leadership of beloved King Fahd 
Bin-'Abd-al-'Aziz, on the Afghan issue and also on the barbaric 
Serb attacks on the people of Bosnia-Herzegovina. His royal 
highness also stressed the committed and constructive role 
played by the custodian of the two holy mosques at this level 
since events developed in these regions. [passage omitted] 

