BFN 

<F P=106> [Unattributed report: "Germany as a Business Location"] </F>
  [Text] The European operations of the Iranian secret 
service, VEVAK, are now obviously being controlled from Bonn. 
Western intelligence services have identified Vahid Attarian, 
an Embassy councilor who was recently sent to Germany, as the 
mullah regime's highest ranking agent in West Europe. 
  Attarian is unknown to counterintelligence. Experts noted 
with astonishment that Bonn is his first permanent post in a 
Western country. 
  At least as interesting for Iran experts is that the new 
legal resident replaces 'Ali Reza Hakikian, who was linked with 
the Berlin "Mykonos" murders of 17 September 1992. During the 
attack four opposition politicians of the Democratic Party of 
Kurdistan-Iran (DPK-I) were killed. Hakikian left Bonn after 
five and a half years in October 1993 -- shortly before the 
beginning of the "Mykonos" trial in the Berlin courts. 
  The suspicion did not hurt Hakikian. At VEVAK's headquarters 
in Tehran, which is officially called "the Information 
Ministry," he is now reportedly working with Amir Iravani, head 
of the West Europe Department. 
  Germany's Western partners are watching the oriental spy 
carousel with mocking comments: "Proof of trust for Germany as 
a business location...." 
  The "all too familiar dealings" of Germany's intelligence 
service coordinator, State Minister Bernd Schmidbauer, with 
Iran's intelligence service chief, 'Ali Fallahian, are uncanny 
for some friends on this and the other side of the Atlantic. At 
the beginning of last October Schmidbauer even received him in 
the chancellor's office. 
  The subject of the conversation: Bonn offered itself as 
mediator for an exchange of hostages in the Middle East. 
According to Schmidbauer's own statements -- to the secret 
Control Committee of the Bundestag -- he resisted the guest's 
suggestions that Bonn manipulate the "Mykonos" trial for Iran's 
benefit. 

