BFN 

  [Text] His Excellency Carlos Alejandro Tello Macias, 
Mexican ambassador to Cuba, has praised the workers from the 
Miguel Fernandez Roig tobacco factory -- which is the former La 
Corona factory -- in Havana for the economic efficiency meeting 
held today in this plant, which he termed magnificent. 
  Carlos Tello highlighted the solidarity, commitment, and 
enthusiasm of the men and women of this plant, determined to 
solve current problems and to produce more, as was made evident 
at the meeting. The Mexican ambassador added that this kind of 
assembly is the best, to achieve established objectives. 
  At this base-level meeting for economic efficiency of the 
tobacco sector union at La Corona -- the first in the country -- 
the workers outlined the serious difficulties that exist in this 
area, such as the poor quality of raw materials, which affects 
productivity. They also stressed the improvements in the workers 
conditions made by the plant's administration. 
  Pedro Ross Leal, Secretary General of the Cuban Workers 
Federation and a Politburo member, has urged the Miguel 
Fernandez Roig Tobacco factory's workers to keep up the 
accomplishments achieved following the Parliaments in the 
Workplace. Ross also referred to the profits obtained by this 
group during the first quarter of this year, something that had 
not happened before. He also stressed the fact that the 
production plan was fulfilled 126 percent during this period. 
  Ross also urged the workers not to feel satisfied with these 
achievements but, instead, to strive further to perfect these 
accomplishments with more determination and efficiency. 

