Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Telepress" newscast] </F>
  [Text] Foreign Minister Arturo Fajardo Maldonado has 
alluded to the implication of terrorism unleashed in Guatemala 
linked to the appearance of a guerrilla movement in southern 
Mexico. The foreign minister expressed the Guatemalan 
Government's condemnation for that type of action. 
  [Begin recording] [Fajardo] First, we condemn these actions. 
I think they are regrettable and that such things should not 
happen. We strongly condemn them, mainly because they are 
unnecessary violent actions and above all because it has 
involved a diplomatic mission accredited in Guatemala from a 
brother country for which we have much respect. In this regard, 
I immediately spoke to the government minister last night to 
request protection for the offices of the Mexican diplomatic 
mission, not only for the consulate but for the remainder of the 
offices and the ambassador's residence. 
  [Unidentified reporter] Is there a link between what is 
going on in Mexico and the Guatemalan rebels? 
  [Fajardo] I can not state an opinion on that issue, on which 
I have no information. The fact is that those are condemnable 
actions, and we condemn them strongly. 
  We hope, of course, that Mexico, as it appears, will get on 
the path for a dialogue and find solutions in the most 
appropriate way. According to [word indistinct] institutions, 
that is their internal problem. 
  [Reporter] Regarding the summons on Serrano, how is that 
affair developing? 
  [Fajardo] As I told you last week, we have received the file 
sent by the corresponding court through the Supreme Court of 
Justice. The Foreign Ministry's legal department has the file 
now, and they will issue a ruling to determine whether it is 
fulfilling the prerequisites established by our national laws, 
as well as by the standing international agreements on 
extradition between Panama and Guatemala so that there are no 
problems. 
  [Reporter] When will it be sent to Panama? 
  [Fajardo] As soon as we verify that it meets the 
prerequisites. If it does not, we will send the appropriate 
recommendations to the Attorney General's Office and the courts 
so that there is no formality problem. [end recording] 

