Language: <F P=105> Chinese </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by reporter Yang Shenglong [2799 3932 7893]] </F>
  [Text] On 15 December, a ceremony was held in Beijing for 
the signing of an agreement between the Xinjiang Uygur 
Autonomous Region Branch Bank of the Bank of China and the Tarim 
Petroleum Prospecting and Development Directorate for a loan of 
US$500 million. 
  This is the second major loan to be concluded following the 
loan of US$700 million granted on 17 December 1991. The purpose 
of the loan is mainly to provide foreign exchange needed for the 
purchase of special facilities, precision instruments, desert 
transport vehicles, and other materials needed in 1994 and 1995 
to speed up prospecting and development at the Tarim oil field. 
  Xie Zhiqiang, Deputy Director of the Tarim Petroleum 
Prospecting and Development Directorate, attending the ceremony 
in Beijing, explained that impressive gains have been made in 
petroleum prospecting and development activity at Tarim, and its 
cumulative production of crude oil is 3.22 million tons, and 
furthermore, it is estimated that the goal of reaching an output 
capability of 5 million tons will be fully attainable by 1995. 
There are a number of important technical and economic 
indicators that have reached national and international levels. 
The oil field has already begun to repay part of its foreign 
exchange loan from the Bank of China three years ahead of 
schedule. 

