BFN 

  [Text] Montevideo, 26 Jun (EFE) -- Uruguayan Foreign 
Minister Sergio Abreu Bonilla on 26 June began a tour of Europe 
that will include Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, and Spain, 
with the goal of meeting authorities from those countries, 
enhancing political and trade relations, and delivering a number 
of lectures. 
  The Uruguayan foreign minister's first stopover will be 
Brussels, where he will participate in a seminar on "New Trends 
in World Trade" that will be opened by GATT Director General 
Peter Sutherland. 
  Uruguayan official sources reported that Abreu, as president 
of the "Uruguay Round" of GATT talks, which ended in December in 
Marrakesh (Morocco), will deliver a lecture on the reform of 
European trade unions and mechanisms for assistance to 
underdeveloped countries. 
  Afterward, Abreu will travel to the Czech Republic, where he 
will meet the Czech prime minister, foreign minister, and 
industry and trade minister. 
  On 1 July, the Uruguayan foreign minister will be received 
by 
Pope John Paul II in a special audience in the Vatican while the 
Uruguayan Congress is reviewing a bill on the removal of 
punishment for abortion practices. 
  On 2 July, Abreu Bonilla will travel to Spain to meet Manuel 
Fraga Iribarne, the Galicia Autonomous Region government 
president, and participate in the opening ceremony of the 
University of Vigo's summer courses by delivering a lecture on 
"Nation and Emigration." 
  After visiting Galicia, the Uruguayan foreign minister will 
return to Montevideo. 

