BFN 

  [Text] We end our bulletin with a statement for people 
willing to take refuge in the Rwandan Patriotic Front [RPF] 
zone, or in areas controlled by the RPF in Kigali. We inform 
those people in Kigali who are still hiding in their houses to 
try and take refuge in RPF-controlled areas. First we will list 
the Kigali neighborhoods, and then those areas where you can 
take refuge. Once you hear your suburb, you will then hear the 
nearest RPF position where you can take refuge. 
  People living in the areas of Mugima, Kabasengerezi, 
Rugenge, 
Nyamabuye, Kiyovu, and Cyimisagara can take refuge in one of the 
following places nearest to where they are. The safe areas 
would be Gasyata, Gisozi, Kagugu, Gaturiro, the Meridian Hotel, 
the King Faycal Hospital, the Egyptian Embassy, the U.S. 
Embassy, Kacyiru, and the parliament building. RPF personnel 
are positioned in those areas. 
  Those people living in Cyahafi, Kamuhoza, Gitega, Gikondo, 
Nyarugenge, Rugunga, (Mpababuturo), Nyakabanda, and Nyamirambo 
can take refuge in the following locations: the Rebero Hotel, 
(Gatenga), Murambi, Kicyukiro, (Ovibar), and Sonatube. People 
in the area of Kanombe Airport can take refuge in the following 
places: in Remera at Nsekarije, Masoro, Munini, and Kinunga in 
(Ndera). We hope that everyone heard the locations. You can 
see which suburb you live in, or the nearest RPF-occupied area, 
and you may then take refuge in that area to escape the 
Interahamwe [Republican National Movement for Democracy and 
Development militias]. 

