BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by unidentified correspondent on President Geydar </F>
Aliyev's meeting with the CSCE delegation in Baku on 27 April-- 
recorded] 
  [Excerpts] In receiving the CSCE Minsk Group delegation, 
which is working to resolve the Karabakh conflict that has 
turned our Republic into a battlefield, the Azerbaijani 
president hoped that these contacts would produce positive 
results. 
  Mathias Mosberg, head of the delegation of diplomats and 
officers from seven countries, noted that during the meeting 
with the Azerbaijani president a month ago a delegation lead by 
Mr. Jan Eliasson [chairman of the Minsk Group] received 
favorable impressions and briefed the Azerbaijani president on 
their efforts to achieve a political resolution of the conflict. 
Mr. Mosberg informed him that the Prague conference prepared a 
number of packages on this matter. He said that two packages 
could be implemented before the cease-fire and another two after 
the cease-fire, and that the present delegation intends to 
discuss this plan with the Azerbaijani president. [passage 
omitted] 
  In thanking Aliyev for the frank talk, Mr. Mosberg said that 
the most important thing to them was to hear the Azerbaijani 
president's full support for the cease-fire. He said the CSCE 
Minsk Group will do everything it can on this subject. 
  Foreign Minister Gasan Gasanov and State Minister on Foreign 
Affairs Vafa Gulizade were also present at the talks. 

