Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Vientiane, March 17 (KPL) -- A memorandum of 
understanding was signed here on March 15, concerning the 
construction of cement, oil refinery, and electricity factories 
in the central province of Khammouane. 
  The document was inked between Mr. Leuan Sombouanekhan, 
vice-president of the Committee for Planning and Cooperation, 
and Dr. Pramuan Liaophilat, executive general manager of the TPI 
Company of Thailand. Vice Prime Minister and President of the 
Committee for Planning and Cooperation Khamphoui Keoboualapha, 
and Thai Ambassador to Laos Somphan Kokilanon were seen at the 
signing among others concerned from both sides. 
  The memorandum provides that the Lao Government has 
authorized the Thai company to make a survey to prepare an 
economic, technical report on the prospective factories of 
cement, oil refinery and electricity in the province of Laos. 
The report will then be submitted to the Lao Government for 
review and approval that will lead to the signing of another 
document. The survey will take about six months. 
  The cement factory alone, once completed, will be capable of 
producing 3 million tons of cement per year and will employ 
about 2,000 people. Its building cost is estimated at U.S. 400 
million. A total capital of U.S. 800 million will be used to 
build the oil refinery factory that is capable of refining 1.2 
million tons of oil per year. Raw materials will be imported 
from overseas to feed the factory that will employ about 3,000 
people. The construction of the electricity factory will need a 
total capital of U.S. 150 million, and its power generating 
capacity is 150 mgw [megawatts] per year. 
  At the signing ceremony, the Thai TPI company presented some 
100 tons of cement to the Lao Government. 

