BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Business News Weekly" feature No. 20, 9-15 May 94] </F>
  [Text] A February resolution by the Ukrainian Cabinet of 
Ministers provides for serial production by the Kiev Aircraft 
Production Association, KAPA, of AN-70 military transport 
aircraft and AN-70T transport planes equipped with D-27 engines. 
  The aircraft order's break-down is 400 planes for Russia and 
100 for Ukraine. 
  The Antonov research-and-development and production complex 
is supposed to start the AN-70 prototype's flight trials in the 
second quarter of 1994. The plane's stand trials were in January. 
  Negotiations are reported underway with France, Britain, and 
Pacific Rim nations to sell the advanced plane to them. 
  The AN-70 project is the collective brainchild of over 100 
enterprises in Ukraine, Russia and Uzbekistan. 
  The Ukrainian and Russian governments signed an agreement on 
AN-70 serial production by the Dnepropetrovsk Yuzhny Engineering 
Plant (it used to manufacture space rocketry), and Russia's 
aircraft factory in Samara. 
  The D-27 engines, which were designed by the Progress bureau 
in Zaporozhye, are to be manufactured by Zaporozhye's Motor-Sich 
and Ufa's (Russia) engine manufacturers. 
  After a cost analysis, however, the Ukrainian Government 
decided to abandon the idea of placing the order for AN-70's 
with the Yuzhny manufacturers and put its stake on KAPA instead, 
which started preparations for AN-70 serial production together 
with the Antonov complex as early as 1997. 
  Concurrently, the government decided to relieve KAPA of its 
previous assignment, which involved manufacture of the AN-218 
aircraft. The latter aircraft will be manufactured by the 
Aviastar production association in Ulyanovsk (Russia). 

