Treatment   System Using Reactor Tower 

<F P=102> 94FE0329E Tokyo NIKKEI SANGYO SHIMBUN in Japanese 17 Dec 93 
p 1 -- FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY </F>

<F P=103> 94FE0329E </F>
<F P=104>  Tokyo NIKKEI SANGYO SHIMBUN </F>
<F P=105>  Japanese </F>
CSO 

<F P=106> [Article with no byline] </F>
  [Text] Nippon Oil Co., Ltd. (Nippon Oil), and Niigata 
Engineering Co., Ltd. (Niigata Engineering), have jointly 
developed a sewage treatment system that uses a reaction tower 
instead of an activated sludge tank. The tower is packed with a 
microbial catalyst sealed in polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) for sewage 
processing. The tower is more advantageous as a sewage treatment 
facility in highly populated areas because of the comparatively 
smaller area required for installation and the much smaller 
amount of odor that is generated. Thus, the new facility should 
cost less in real estate, and the overall business expenses for 
the facility should be the same as or slightly less than those 
for the existing system. The commercialization of the new system 
is planned in FY96. 
  A pilot plant with a processing capacity of 100 tons per day 
will be installed at the Kanazawa Sewage Treatment Plant in 
Yokohama City, and its operation will be monitored through March 
1995. Although a sludge tank similar to a swimming pool is used 
in the existing sewage treatment facility, the newly developed 
system uses a 1.8-m diameter, 8-m tall reaction tower in which 
sewage is treated by agitation with air pumped from the bottom 
of the tower in order to promote contact between the sewage and 
the catalyst. 
  The catalyst, which had been developed by Nippon Oil, is a 
microbe, capable of decomposing organic matter, that is embedded 
in special PVA. One piece is a rubbery, 7 x 7 x 4mm rectangular 
parallelopiped. It has a fine mesh-like internal structure in 
which microbes can be arranged densely and uniformly. Compared 
with that of the sludge tank, the microbial density is more than 
five times greater, to enable the treatment in the limited space 
inside the tower. 
  Thus, the land requirement for a sewage treatment plant is 
reduced by the area occupied by the tank. The pilot plant, 
including attachments such as pumps, will be constructed on a 
37.5-m[.sup]2[/] area. On a commercial scale, a new facility 
is said to occupy only one-third to one-sixth the area an 
existing plant occupies. The reaction tower exhausts gas from 
its top, so as to prevent odor from spreading over the 
neighborhood. 
  In the past, attempts were made to increase the density of 
microbes to reduce the size of the sludge tank although this is 
the first plant to use a tower instead of a tank. If favorable 
results are obtained with the pilot plant, the joint team plans 
to sell the new system to municipalities as a small-scale sewage 
treatment facility. 
  Since FY91, the seventh-generation's five-year sewage water 
upgrading plan has been under way, with a total cost of 
&yen;16.5 trillion, including the sewage treatment system budget. 

