BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Sana' al-Imam from Damascus] </F>
  [Text] Damascus today reiterated the Lebanese resistance's 
right to defend its territory. Informed Syrian sources 
reasserted to Radio Monte Carlo the Lebanese resistance's right 
-- in all its forms -- to defend its territory inside the 
occupied strip, pointing out that no one can stop the resistance 
as long as its cause remains, namely, the Israeli occupation. 
  The Syrian sources said Israel is trying to exploit the 
presence of the resistance to win international sympathy toward 
its security, whereas Lebanese security is being violated as a 
result of Israel's repeated attacks that target Lebanese 
territory. 
  Syrian political sources accused Israel of trying to foil 
U.S. efforts in the peace process, now that the U.S. sponsor 
better understands the Syrian position following the Geneva 
summit. 
  The sources told Radio Monte Carlo that Israel is even 
trying 
to cast doubt on the optimism recently spread by the United 
States. The political sources demanded that the U.S. sponsor 
play a more effective role in influencing Israel's decisions. 
  AL-BA'TH's editorial yesterday said that the role of the 
mailman played by Christopher in his tour and contacts in the 
capitals of the region will not do the peace process any good. 
The official newspaper said it is unacceptable that the role of 
the mailman should continue to govern the mission of U.S. 
envoys, led by the chief of U.S. diplomacy. 
  AL-BA'TH said Syria has remained committed to the peace 
process, but it rejects dictating conditions and does not accept 
blackmail and offering rewards for the aggressor. 

