Language: <F P=105> Japanese </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Komeito Secretary General Yuichi Ichikawa by </F>
unidentified AERA staff member; place and date not given] 
  [Text] [AERA] Why is Komeito aiming to form a "new new 
party," which means that the political world is to be divided 
into "two large groups"? 
  [Ichikawa] The fundamental objective of political reform was 
to create a political situation taht makes it possible to change 
the political regime in order to eliminate political corruption. 
The greatest characteristic of the new election system, 
particularly the characteristic of the single-member districts 
which now number 300, lies in the people being entitled to 
choose who assumes power. If there are three or four major 
groups from the beginning, it becomes impossible for us to judge 
who is to assume the power until we see the results of the 
election. It is undesirable to skeletonize the merit of the new 
system from the start. 
  It seems natural that the two-major-group structure is to be 
formed by the Liberal Democratic Party [LDP] and another group 
to replace the LDP. 
  [AERA] Shinseito [Japan Renewal Party] Secretary General 
Ichiro Ozawa is planning to take a "two-step strategy"--to first 
unite the conservative groups, such as the Japan New Party [JNP] 
and others, into a parent body, and then request both Komeito 
and the Democratic Socialist Party [DSP] join their group. What 
is your opinion on this? 
  [Ichikawa] Komeito has been consistently proposing that, 
based on the present structure of the coalition parties, a 
moderate coalition should be formed where each party's 
philosophy is respected. It is a form which may be called "a 
`furoshiki [cloth wrapper]-type' new new party." Shinseito's 
move is acceptable if we take the move as a step towards forming 
a new new party. 
  [AERA] Is there any opposition among party members and 
supporters about the name "Komeito" disappearing? 
  [Ichikawa] It it true that there is an emotional resistance, 
particularly among middle-aged members. I myself regret the 
fact. However, Komeito has been promoting political reform 
supported by its unselfish desire to change the politics of 
Japan. I believe we should also do our best in the future to 
overcome our mental conflicts. 
  However, when I consider the feelings of local assembly 
members and supporters, I feel it necessary to find a 
satisfactory way to shift our party to the "new new party." 
  [AERA] Many people think that, in view of the religious 
allergy to Komeito, there is little possibility of those Komeito 
Diet members who are already serving being appointed as unified 
candidates. 
  [Ichikawa] Though in the future it is not desirable for each 
party to select its own candidate independently during the 
process of selecting unified candidates, a consensus based on 
common sense is being formed among the coalition parties to the 
effect that priority is to be given to the Diet members in who 
are already serving. Therefore, I do not think the number of 
Komeito's Diet members in who are already serving, which is 
presently 52, is likely to decrease. 
  [AERA] At the present stage, when do you think the election 
will take place? 
  [Ichikawa] In my opinion, the election will take place after 
the autumn of next year following the House of Councillors 
election next summer. Personally, I feel it appropriate if the 
general election takes place at a later date in 1996. 
  [AERA] Then when will the "new new party" be formed? 
  [Ichikawa] It is hard to tell unless the time of the general 
election is made known to us. 
  We have to see the progress of adjustment in selecting 
candidates in single-seat districts. It is also necessary for 
us to ascertain whether the "social democratic and liberal" 
group aims at becoming an axis of the political regime, or if 
the group is to remain one of the competitive axes within the 
coalition parties.... I think we should not be too hasty in 
forming a new new party as it might cause the coalition parties 
to split. 

