Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] On behalf of the Black Sea Fleet Command its press 
center expressed apprehensions in connection with some 
statements made by the Ukrainian Defense Minister, General 
Vitaly Radetskyy. 
  On January 20 the newspaper KIEVSKIYE VEDOMOSTI published a 
report on the meeting between Radetskyy and top officials of 
mass media in Kiev on January 18. During the meeting, the 
newspaper says, Radetskyy stated that he "would not like to 
liberate Crimea like the Americans liberated Kuwait." 
  Approving the fact that the general had no such an 
intention, 
the Black Sea Fleet press center at the same time "considers the 
mere idea of holding any military operations on the peninsula to 
be dangerous." 
  The Black Sea Fleet Command hopes that military exercises of 
the Ukrainian Armed Forces from January 24 to January 27 have no 
relation to the above mentioned quotation and to presidential 
elections in Crimea. 
  According to the combat preparation plan of the Ukrainian 
Armed Forces for 1994, from January 24 to January 27 the 
exercises on territorial defense will be held under the guidance 
of the commander-in-chief, President of Ukraine Leonid Kravchuk. 
During the exercises the Armed Forces will work on the 
interaction of the armed forces, the national guard, the border 
and the civil defense troops. There will be no large-scale 
movement of troops. 

