Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Gloria Perez Mendoza] </F>
  [Text] Toluca, Mexico, 28 Feb -- Jorge Madrazo Cuellar, 
president of the National Human Rights Commission [CNDH], has 
termed the observations by Amnesty International (AI) that the 
CNDH is an organization with no authority that is dependent on 
the federal executive as "hasty and politically motivated." In 
addition, Madrazo Cuellar stressed that the CNDH just began 
investigating, from the compiled evidence, the events that 
occurred at the Morelia ejido in Chiapas. He reiterated that 
the forensic experts and criminologists are working to reach a 
conclusion. 
  After attending the annual report presentation by Mireilla 
Roccatti Velasquez, president of the State Human Rights 
Commission (CEDH), Madrazo Cuellar said that regarding the 
threats, intimidations, and burning of property near San Carlos 
Hospital in Altamirano, the governor of Chiapas "decided to 
launch a preliminary investigation, and we will be expecting the 
results." The human rights ombudsman [preceding word in English] 
stated that in certain areas of Chiapas some cattlemen have 
"manipulated" the population to protest against the work of the 
CNDH. He added: "They are trying to promote their spurious and 
illegitimate interests." 
  Madrazo Cuellar reported that there have been new reports 
regarding EZLN [Zapatist National Liberation Army] actions, 
above all cattle rustling, invasion of rural properties, and 
burning of peasant and Indian homes in the area," [no opening 
quotation mark as published] and he said that there were no 
reports against the Mexican Army. 
  During the report presentation by Mireilla Roccatti, 
Governor 
Emilio Chuayffet Chemor called for the decentralization of the 
state organization and the creation of municipal commissions on 
human rights in the 121 municipalities of the state. 
  Additionally, Roccatti noted in her report that of the 2,492 
complaints received as of 31 January, 1,693 have been 
investigated. This represents a progress of 67 percent in 
resolving cases. 

