BFN 

  [Text] Bucharest ROMPRES, 3/6/1994 -- The average monthly 
inflation rate for the first four months of the current year was 
6.3 percent, that is a decrease from the 9.7 percent average 
monthly inflation rate recorded in the first four months of 
1993, said Romania's National Statistics Board. In April 1994, 
the non-edibles' prices rose by 6.3 percent, the highest rate in 
the economy while the economy's average inflation rate was 6.1 
percent. Conclusions from these figures are hard to draw. The 
population did not perceive any sensible improvement in its 
living standard. Salaries rose in April by 12.1 percent compared 
to March, but the increase is still below the 13 percent rate 
established by the government, which is a sign that many 
economic companies failed to comply with the indexation measures 
called for by the government. If the purchasing power of the 
population did not rise sensibly, it seems that the households 
have some chances to make savings. The 9.1 percent fall of the 
aggregate sales in April seems to point in the same direction, 
indicating that the population increased its savings. The 647.4 
billion lei worth of sales in April were by 27.5 percent less 
than the sales in April 1993. The aggregate sales for the first 
four months of the current year totalled 2,423.2 billion lei. 
While the aggregate indices do not tell very much of the 
inflation impact on the living standard of the individuals, the 
average salary with various sectors are more telling: 294,121 
lei in the financial and banking sector, 211,792 in the mining 
industry, 91,671 in the light industry and 98,895 lei in 
education. 

