BFN 

  [Text] Brussels, May 6 KYODO -- Japanese Prime Minister 
Tsutomu Hata reaffirmed Friday [6 May] that Japan will push 
ahead with efforts to further promote economic deregulation to 
open its markets to foreign competition, Japanese officials said. 
  Hata told European Commission President Jacques Delors that 
Japan will accelerate economic deregulation as it is strongly 
urged by the United States and the European Union (EU) to give 
them sufficient access to Japanese markets. 
  Delors expressed his hopes for Japan's efforts on the issue, 
saying the EU will watch the situation with serious interest. 
  European Commission sources, meanwhile, said that Hata and 
Delors agreed to hold a meeting of experts within several weeks 
to discuss a final approach to the issue. 
  The sources also said the two sides are considering holding 
a 
delayed ministerial conference on May 28 and summit sessions of 
both sides on trade on July 12 in Bonn, right after the July 
8-10 summit of the Group of Seven economic powers in Naples, 
Italy. 
  On the Naples summit, Hata said that priority should be 
placed on employment problems, as well as assistance to 
developing countries, noting advanced countries are "tired" of 
giving help to those countries. 
  In the meeting that lasted about two hours on the final leg 
of Hata's trip to four European countries, Delors also urged 
Japan to offer help to the peace process in the Middle East. He 
said streamlining the social infrastructure, such as water and 
energy supplies, is crucial to promoting the peace process. 
  After meeting with Delors, the Japanese premier held talks 
with Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene, concluding his 
six-day journey to Italy, France, Germany and Belgium chiefly 
aimed at establishing personal rapport with European leaders 
ahead of the Naples summit. 
  Hata left here for home after the meetings. He was elected 
prime minister on April 25. 

