Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] New Delhi, Feb 1 (AFP) -- Police fired tear gas and 
used water cannon here Tuesday to scatter thousands of Sikhs 
protesting against U.S. President Bill Clinton's remarks on the 
rights of Sikhs in the Indian state of Punjab. 
  Steel-helmeted policemen lobbed 12 teargas shells in quick 
succession after the estimated 10,000 demonstrators threw stones 
and almost broke through a security cordon in a bid to march on 
the U.S. embassy. 
  The Sikhs, chanting slogans and waving placards denouncing 
Clinton, immediately scattered. A police officer was injured 
after being hit by a stone. 
  The demonstration was organised by the Punjab chapter of 
India's ruling Congress (I) party and the protestors arrived in 
the capital in buses from the northern state, where a Sikh 
separatist campaign is on its last legs. 
  It was the third and the biggest demonstration here since 
Clinton wrote a letter on December 27 to U.S. Representative 
Gary Condit saying he wanted a "peaceful solution that protected 
Sikh rights" in Punjab. 
  The letter was in reply to a letter seeking U.S. 
intervention 
"to end the misery in Khalistan... where over 110,000 Sikhs have 
been killed by Indian security forces since 1984 and 70,000 
Sikhs are languishing in jails without being tried." 
  Khalistan, or Land of the Pure, is the name given to Punjab, 
India's only Sikh-majority state, by Sikh militants campaigning 
for an independent homeland. 
  "There is a lot of anger in Punjab over Clinton's remarks," 
said Ram Lubaya Chowdhary, a leader of the Punjab Congress 
chapter. "Sikh rights are perfectly safe in Punjab," added 
Gurumukh Singh, a Sikh farmer. 
  Thousands have died in Punjab since 1983 in the separatist 
campaign. Indian security forces in the state have been accused 
of torture and killing suspected militants in cold blood. 

