BFN 

  [Text] Tegucigalpa -- Honduran correspondents invited by 
the government to travel to Cartagena de Indias reported that 
despite President Carlos Roberto Reina having said that he would 
not meet with his counterpart Fidel Castro, the Honduran 
president was unexpectedly visited in his suite by the Cuban 
president. 
  After a 20-minute conversation with the Cuban leader, Reina 
stated that should Cuba rejoin the Organization of American 
States (OAS), it would represent a "great victory for America." 
  The Honduran president pointed out that the proposal made by 
Argentina, Chile, Venezuela, and Colombia with respect to a 
transition to democracy taking place in Cuba, is viewed "from 
another perspective" by Cuban President Fidel Castro. 
  In reference to the pressures that could be applied by the 
Central American countries for Cuba to be readmitted into the 
OAS, and for the United States to lift the embargo against that 
nation, Reina pointed out that "Cuba was a country penalized by 
the OAS which is the organization that has allowed countries the 
independence to establish diplomatic relations. However, 
President Fidel Castro sees it from another perspective." 
  According to the Honduran president, Cuba must again be a 
"full" OAS member. "I believe that Costa Rican President 
Figueres' proposal to solve these two issues can be solved in 
just one day. There is no more cold war, no reason to continue 
with the blockade, because now there are all sorts of democratic 
legal provisions offered by the Inter-American system. Cuba, as 
a country that has had all sorts of problems, can return to 
become a full OAS member." 

