Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Yu.V. Glazkov, G.A. Tirskiy, V.G. Shcherbak, </F>
Moscow; UDC 533.6.011.8] 
  [Abstract] Steady-state supersonic flow of a viscous 
chemically and thermodynamically nonequilibrium gas mixture 
about a smooth blunt body is considered on the basis of a model 
of parabolized Navier-Stokes equations which are an asymptotic 
form of Navier-Stokes equations under specific constraints in a 
body axes system of coordinates. The slip, temperature shock, 
and catalytic atom recombination effects on the wall are taken 
into account in defining the boundary conditions. The effect of 
nonequilibrium excitation of translational and vibrational 
degrees of freedom on the dissociation reactions is examined. A 
numerical solution of Navier-Stokes equations is sought by the 
method of global pressure gradient iterations. For illustration, 
the results of numerical calculations of hypersonic flow about 
an axisymmetric hyperboloid which simulates a space shuttle 
vehicle streamline within an 85-110 km attitude range are 
presented. A model with different vibrational temperatures of 
molecular components is also considered whereby the inverse 
impact of chemical reactions on vibrational relaxation is taken 
into account. The findings are compared to the results direct 
statistical simulation by the Monte Carlo method for the same 
conditions. Figures 5; references 14: 6 Russian, 8 Western. 


