BFN 

<F P=106> [Statement by Information Minister Michel Samahah after the </F>
extraordinary cabinet session at Government House in Beirut on 
16 May -- recorded] 
  [Text] By request of the prime minister, the Council of 
Ministers held an extraordinary session this evening during 
which it discussed the political situation in the country in 
light of the proposal presented by the prime minister and last 
week's events. The prime minister affirmed that his refusal to 
perform his duties was merely an introduction and a call for 
serious dialogue. After frank and open discussions among the 
ministers during the session, the Council affirmed the 
Government's adherence to the political, security, financial, 
economic, and social goals which it came to accomplish in the 
first place. The Government will do this as a united team that 
believes in the wisdom of the institution -- an institution that 
has been entrusted with executive authority within the framework 
of the constitutional principles of separation of duties and 
cooperation among the various authorities. 
  The Council -- both prime minister and members -- affirmed 
their unanimous adherence to solidarity and to shouldering the 
crucial national responsibilities such as completing liberation, 
entrenching accord, reconstructing the country, and 
strengthening national peace by fortifying it economically and 
socially. 
  The Council also believes the session was an occasion for 
profound self-examination regarding the required action to 
confront the challenges through the cohesion and commitment of 
all Government members without exception. 

