Highly   Selective 0.15-micron Etching 

<F P=102> 94FE0442A Tokyo SEMICONDUCTOR WORLD in Japanese Jan 94 p 
75--FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY </F>

<F P=103> 94FE0442A </F>
<F P=104>  Tokyo SEMICONDUCTOR WORLD </F>
<F P=105>  Japanese </F>
CSO 

  [Text] Mitsubishi Electric Corporation's Optical Microwave 
Device Laboratory has developed a high selectivity ratio etching 
technology that can be applied to dimensions as small as 0.1fm 
for the purpose of precisely controlling the element current 
required for high electron mobility transistor (HEMT) 
performance on an indium-phosphorus (InP) substrate. They 
incorporated this technology with with one for growing an 
aluminum-indium-arsenide (AlInAs)/indium-gallium-arsenide 
(InGaAs) crystal on an InP substrate, and succeeded in 
developing a high-performance, low-noise InP-based millimeter 
wave (60GHz) HEMT that achieves a noise index of 0.9dB and a 
gain of 7.0dB at 60GHz. The frequency bands of high density 
telecommunications transmissions are converting to millimeter 
waves from microwaves. The HEMT used in the receiving components 
of telecommunications equipment impact the overall performance 
of telecommunications systems, and the HEMT recently developed 
by MELCO should be capable of responding to the low-noise, 
high-gain requirements of the millimeter wave band. 
  The focus of this development project was twofold: 1) to 
optimize the AlInAs/InGaAs growth conditions on the InP 
substrate, and 2) to develop an etching technology with a high 
selectivity ratio. 
  An InGaAs single crystal suitable for high-speed, low-noise 
HEMT can be grown better on an InP substrate than on a GaAs 
substrate, and in order to achieve a low-noise, high-gain HEMT, 
must feature high electron carrier concentration and high 
electron mobility in the operating layer. In their recent 
development project, MELCO utilized molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) 
to optimize growth conditions for the lattice-conforming 
AlGaAs/InGaAs epitaxial layer, and used this layer to create a 
HEMT. This approach enabled them to enhance carrier 
concentration by roughly two-fold and mobility by approximately 
1.5-fold over conventional GaAs-substrate HEMT. 

<FIG ID=JPRS-JST-020L-54A>      Cross-sectional View of MELCO-developed HEMT </FIG>


  Also, in order to realize a high-performance HEMT, it is 
necessary to form a recess (groove) in the substrate crystal by 
etching only that portion of the n-InGaAs contact layer required 
to form an electrode in the top layer of i-AlInAs. But because 
this layer is extremely thin, measuring just several hundred 
thick, a high precision etching technology was needed to 
determine element current. MELCO therefore concentrated on the 
AlInAs layer oxidation reaction portion of the etching process, 
and by optimizing the compounding ingredients and ratios of the 
etching agent, developed a technology capable of selectively 
etching only the n-InGaAs layer to form a 0.15fm gate electrode. 
This new etching technology made it possible to control the HEMT 
current value, and reduced current dispersion by 1/5. 
  To enhance HEMT performance, it is essential to lower 
capacity and enlarge effective cross section by shortening the 
gate length and reducing the contact area of the crystal 
surface, thereby reducing gate resistance. By optimizing 
epitaxial layer growth conditions, developing a high selectivity 
ratio etching technology and utilizing 0.15fm T-gate electrode 
formation techniques, MELCO was able to form a HEMT with a 
world-leading noise index of 0.9dB and gain of 7.0dB at 60GHz. 

<FIG ID=JPRS-JST-020L-54B>      InP-substrate HEMT (Chip) </FIG>



