Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Seoul, Feb. 4 (YONHAP) -- Most U.N. member nations 
support the idea that the General Assembly should serve as the 
venue for a summit of U.N. members next year, the 50th 
anniversary of the world body's founding, South Korean 
Ambassador to the United Nations Yu Chong-ha said Friday. 
  Yu, here to attend the annual conference of overseas mission 
chiefs, said that the General Assembly may serve as the site for 
a summit of U.N. member nations to revitalize the international 
organization during its 50th year. 
  "In that case, it is highly possible that President Kim 
Yong-sam will attend the summit meeting," he said. 
  Referring to the drawn-out negotiations between North Korea 
and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), Yu said 
pessimism on the possibility of settling the problem is growing 
among European countries in the United Nations. 
  "Only China is clearly expressing optimism that the problem 
will be solved in the end. China seems sure that North Korea is 
not trying to rupture its talks with the United States although 
Pyongyang is dragging out its negotiations with the IAEA. China 
firmly believes that it is part of North Korea's negotiating 
strategy." 
  If the problem is referred to the U.N. Security Council, the 
council will take gradual steps following consultations rather 
than imposing sanctions on North Korea immediately, he said. 
  "Although the North Korean nuclear problem is entering a 
crisis stage, enough discussion has taken place in the United 
Nations on the nuclear situation in the world. An international 
consensus has almost been reached on the Complete Nuclear Test 
Ban Treaty (CTBT)," he added. 

