BFN 

<F P=106> [Aleksandr Nikolayev report from TRUD/ITAR-TASS </F>
correspondents' column: "Let Us Trade"] 
  [Text] Delhi -- Indian-Russian trade, which in recent 
times has suffered a slump, is showing signs of revival, and 
this year, according to the estimates of experts of the 
Federation of Indian Export Organizations, could increase by 
50-100 percent. Taking into account existing accords, the 
forecast notes, Russian exports to India in 1994 will reach $800 
million, with a reciprocal flow of commodities and services of 
$1.1. billion. 
  The official visit to Moscow of Prime Minister Narasimha 
Rao, 
planned for the end of June, will be an important boost to trade 
and economic relations between the two countries, the Indian 
Ministry of Trade's Planning Commission suggests. 
  The expansion of trade links is to a great extent being 
achieved through the establishment of direct cooperation between 
Indian entrepreneurs and individual cities and regions of the 
Russian Federation. A delegation of businessmen from Maritime 
Kray headed by Deputy Governor G. Tokulenko, chairman of the 
Committee for State Property and Privatization, held 
negotiations in Delhi the other day. In his words, the kray's 
businessmen are interested in expanding trade with India and 
creating joint enterprises in such important sectors for them as 
construction, agriculture, the food industry, fishing, and 
several others. In the near future they already expect to 
satisfy the heavy consumer demand for, in particular, fresh 
fruit, vegetables, and medicines with the aid of their Indian 
partners. 

