Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpt] Commerce Minister Uthai Phimchaichon yesterday in 
another surprise move gave the exporters the right to sell as 
much as half of their tapioca stocks to the high-priced market 
in the European Union (EU). The allocation covers a total of 
550,000 tonnes. THH Group is expected be the biggest 
beneficiary of the latest allocation. It will receive as a 
result an export quota of 155,179 tonnes for the EU market. 
  In the past, the ministry allowed exporters to sell about 20 
to 30 per cent of their stocks in the EU market because it 
wanted to exporters [as published] to share the EU export quota 
as much as possible. But because of the latest round of 
allocation, the EU export quota for 1994 at about 2 million 
tonnes of tapioca will, in the next four rounds of allocation, 
have to be divided into lots of 500,000 tonnes. 
  The ministry will allocate the quota according to the stock 
volume of each exporter, based on the volume derived from the 
first stock checking round. THH Group reported the largest 
stocks with a total of 337,322 tonnes of tapioca. 
  THH Group is also expected to receive almost Bt [baht] 60 
million from the commerce ministry through its subsidy 
programme, under which the ministry will pay Bt200 per every 
tonne that tapioca stocks increased between two inspections. 
  In 1994, the last year of the current four-year bilateral 
agreement between Thailand and the EU, the commerce ministry 
will allocate 60 per cent of the remaining quota of 4.3 million 
tonnes, or 2.6 million tonnes, according to the volume of stock 
held by exporters. The other 1.746 million tonnes will be 
distributed as bonus quotas for exporters who sell to 
lower-priced markets outside the EU. [passage omitted] 

