BFN 

  [Text] Commenting on the Council of Ministers' decision to 
ban radio and television networks from broadcasting newscasts 
and political programs, Hizballah has issued the following 
statement: 
  First, at a time when everyone realizes the critical stage 
through which Lebanon is passing and the tremendous role being 
played by the Islamic and national resistance in waging the 
battle of honor and existence against the Zionist occupation, 
which lies heavy on our cherished soil, at a time when the evil 
Israeli hands have started to transfer the cycle of massacres, 
killings, and destruction from the villages of the south and 
western al-Biqa' to other areas in the capital, spreading bloody 
sedition in religious places and schools and targeting innocent 
people in the holiest places, we stress the importance of 
uncovering the Zionist terrorist network and the size of the 
Israeli penetration of Lebanon so that the agents will receive 
their punishment commensurate with their abominable crimes 
committed against the society and homeland in service of the 
enemy's interests and divisive schemes. 
  Second, any decision dealing with the radio and television 
networks must differentiate between right and falsehood and must 
not imply the possibility of confiscating the basic rights of 
society represented in protecting the citizen's right to express 
the sound national stance or the objective opinion. 
  Viewing with concern the recent decisions relating to 
information, we believe that the timing of the decisions lacks 
accuracy and objectivity. Scoring great achievements need not 
be at the expense of other national gains. 

