Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Russian Federation Central Electoral Commission decree No. </F>
158 "On Holding Additional elections of Deputies of the Russian 
Federation Federal Assembly Federation Council in the 
Yamalo-Nenetskiy Two-Seat No. 89 Electoral District"] 
  [Text] In connection with the fact that as a result of the 
voting 12 December 1993 one deputy of the Russian Federation 
Federal Assembly Federation Council was elected in the 
Yamalo-Nenetskiy No. 89 two-seat electoral district, the Russian 
Federation Central Electoral Commission in accordance with 
subpoint "L" of point 1 article 15 of the Statute on Elections 
of Russian Federation Federal Assembly Federation Council 
deputies in 1993 decrees: 
  1. That additional elections for a Federal Assembly 
Federation Council deputy from the Yamalo-Nenetskiy two-seat 
electoral district be scheduled for 6 March 1994. 
  2. That it be stipulated that this electoral district, when 
holding additional elections, is a single-seat (one district-one 
deputy) electoral district. 
  3. That the organization and holding of the elections be 
assigned to the relevant district and polling place electoral 
commissions as previously staffed at the same polling places and 
with the same lists of voters with the amendments and additions 
introduced to them. 
  4. That the announcement that additional elections have been 
scheduled and their date be published in the press. 
  [Signed] N.T. Ryabov, chairman of the Russian Federation 
Central Electoral Commission; V.A. Zagulyayev, secretary of the 
Russian Federation Central Electoral Commission 
  [Dated] Moscow, 25 December 1993 

