BFN 

<F P=106> [Video report by correspondent Yuriy Zinchuk on </F>
demonstration at U.S. consulate in St. Petersburg] 
  [Text] At 1800 this evening, representatives of virtually 
all opposition parties with branches in St. Petersburg gathered 
outside the U.S. consulate. The aim of the picketing was to 
protest against U.S. actions against Serbia. 
  [Unidentified demonstrator] It is a slap in the face. It is 
like some kind of childish babble. Clinton did not give a 
warning; it was not agreed. This should be decided by the UN 
Security Council. What kind of action is that -- bombing? 
  [Zinchuk] The workers in the U.S. consulate were quite calm 
about the protest. Having read the posters of the pickets with 
curiosity from the window, they all returned to their work. The 
opposing side is more resolutely minded. As the organizers of 
this protest stated, they intend to put pickets under the Stars 
and Stripes of the U.S. consulate every day from 1800 to 2100 
until the Russian Foreign Ministry issues a protest note to the 
U.S. Government. [Video shows about 100 demonstrators, some 
holding banners reading "American! Leave alone Slavonic earth" 
[in English], "The USA -- Satan's nest. Yankee -- go home", 
"Hands off Serbia", "The Russian National-Republican Party is 
against NATO bombings in Bosnian Serbia", "Yankee! Dont't stick 
your nose into Slavonic countries", and "The United States is 
the world gendarme, Clinton is a murderer"] 

