BFN 

  [Text] The transfer of powers to the Palestinians in 
Jericho has been delayed to Thursday, 12 May. Members of the 
subcommittee on civilian affairs, headed by Ghassan al-Shak'ah 
and Amin Maqbul, are currently touring the city and the Civil 
Administration's offices. Al-Shak'ah told our correspondent 
Moti Amir that the transfer of powers and buildings to the 
Palestinians will not take place today due to the delay in the 
arrival of the Palestinian policemen. According to him, the 
policemen will arrive in Jericho tomorrow, and the transfer of 
powers will take place on Thursday. The overlap between 
Palestinian representatives and Civil Administration officials 
in Jericho has just begun. 
  Major General Amnon Shahaq, the deputy chief of staff, 
toured 
the Gaza Strip today to oversee the work of the liaison 
committees with the Palestinians. Maj. Gen. Shahaq also visited 
the joint PLO-IDF [Israel Defense Forces] office. Our 
correspondent Karmela Menashe reports that the Palestinian 
policemen scheduled to deploy in the Gaza Strip have not yet 
arrived at the Rafah terminal. They will apparently arrive 
later this evening. 
  Nasr Yusuf, the commander of the Palestinian police force, 
arrived in the Gaza Strip this morning. An AFP correspondent 
reports that Gen. Yusuf entered the autonomy area alone through 
the Rafah border crossing and drove to Gaza. 

