Language: <F P=105> German </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Bonn (DDP/ADN) -- Social Democratic Party [SPD] 
Chairman Rudolf Scharping has warned the Social Democrats 
against being too confident of victory after winning the state 
parliament elections in Lower Saxony. Sunday's result was an 
encouraging signal that the SPD can achieve a clear lead in 
Germany, Scharping said in Bonn at noon today, but this has to 
be worked for. 
  The SPD leader added: "I can only warn against going around 
with our heads held so high the rain gets up our noses." 
Scharping stressed that in this respect the outcome of the 
Lower Saxony election was "the best possible" because it does 
not mean there is nothing better to come. At the same time, the 
aim of the SPD to be the strongest party in the Bundestag 
election has become "a lot more realistic." Scharping again 
refused to state with which party the SPD would be prepared to 
form a coalition before the Bundestag election. 
  The SPD leader stressed that the result of the Lower Saxon 
election is a good start to the 1994 election year and an 
impressive confirmation of the work of Minister President 
Gerhard Schroeder (SPD). The fact that the SPD has become a 
stable force at national level has certainly not harmed things 
either he said. 

