Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Interview with Finance Minister Anne Wibble by "J.D."; </F>
place and date not given: "Anne Wibble: `Single Currency Is 
Essential to Single Market'"] 
  [Text] [LES ECHOS] What advantages do you hope to gain 
from Sweden's membership of the European Union [EU]? 
  [Wibble] A series of good things thanks to greater 
integration: more competition, a more open economy, and support 
for the vital structural changes in our country. But, in my 
view, the greatest benefit will be to make Sweden more 
attractive to foreign investors, especially for investments with 
high added value. I also hope that this membership will 
contribute to reviving growth and improving the employment 
situation. In exchange, we represent a major potential market 
for the Twelve who will also be able to benefit from our 
research programs and our openness to third countries. 
  [LES ECHOS] What do you think is the main problem to be 
overcome before the end of the negotiations? 
  [Wibble] There are three: agriculture, regional policy, and 
the amount of our contribution to the EU budget. But in the 
present debate which is taking place in my country, the budget 
issue strikes me as the most sensitive. Indeed, we do not want 
our arrival in the EU to produce a shock in that area. We have 
launched a medium-term program, adopted by Parliament, to reduce 
our deficits, and my fellow citizens would not understand our 
being forced to change it if our contribution was too high from 
the beginning of membership. Regional policy is also causing 
great anxiety. We want all our territory to be inhabited and 
for that we must maintain economic activities in the north, 
especially through aid to compensate for the large distances 
which separate those regions from the capital. It is important, 
therefore, for us to be able to continue to do that and be 
helped in this by the EU. 
  [LES ECHOS] Can Sweden quickly fulfill the Maastricht 
criteria for moving into the third phase of Economic and 
Monetary Union? 
  [Wibble] Not very quickly because our budget problem is very 
difficult to solve. But our stabilization policy is a step in 
the right direction. Not only toward fulfilling these criteria 
but above all toward stabilizing our economy, which is vital. 
It is also important for our public opinion to understand that 
this program is aimed at restoring growth and employment and is 
not a priority dictated from outside. 
  [LES ECHOS] Are you in favor of the single currency? 
  [Wibble] I support the idea of it. The single currency is 
vital to bring all the advantages of the single market. But the 
timetable for its implementation now strikes me as more 
uncertain than it was a few months ago. At all events, before 
accepting the transition to this single currency, we will have 
to obtain the go-ahead from our Parliament. 
  [LES ECHOS] Do you think that the "yes" vote will prevail in 
the referendum which you will hold when the negotiations have 
been completed? 
  [Wibble] Recently a broad movement seems to have emerged in 
favor of the "yes" vote because the opinion polls are reporting 
an increase of almost 15 percent in the supporters of EU entry. 
But that will largely depend on the results of our negotiations 
with the Twelve. However, I do not think that the Swedes will 
take it into their heads to say no to Europe. I am therefore 
fairly optimistic. Recently, a series of very detailed studies 
on the advantages and disadvantages of our entry into the EU all 
concluded that in most areas, be it the development of our 
economy, social policy, the protection of the environment, or 
even security questions, Sweden stands to gain from joining the 
EU. These are arguments which I hope will convince my fellow 
citizens. 

