BFN 

  [Text] The death of national guardsman Stathis Aryirou 
from Ayios Dhometios was caused by self-inflicted gunshot. 
Aryirou was found dead around 1000 this morning outside a 
guardpost where he was on duty in the area between the Bata Shoe 
Factory traffic circle and the SOPAZ [Animal Feeds Production 
Cooperative] factory. 
  Defense Minister Konstandinos Iliadhis issued a statement on 
the incident and ordered investigations by the National Guard to 
accurately determine the circumstances of the unfortunate 
national guardsman's death. 
  Aryirou had an entrance wound in his lower jaw and an exit 
wound in the right bregmatic area of his skull. Coroner Marios 
Matsakis will conduct a post mortem on his body. 
  Both the defense minister and National Guard Commander 
Lieutenant General Nikolaos Vorvolakos visited the area where 
the national guardsman was found dead. Responding to a question 
on whether the Defense Ministry is concerned about accidents in 
the National Guard, the defense minister said that the number of 
accidents is not disturbing and added that accidents happen in 
all the armies of the world. He also noted that the Defense 
Ministry is prepared to release the statistics since 1988. 
Lieutenant General Vorvolakos pointed out that the number of 
accidents in the National Guard during the past six years is one 
of the lowest, compared to other armies. 

