BFN 

  [Text] Citing sources close to the Clinton administration, 
one of President Aristide's advisers-in-exile has said the 
United States is preparing to suspend its commercial flights and 
to broadcast radio programs into Haiti. Michael Barnes, 
principal adviser to the president-in-exile, said the U.S. 
Government is ready to unilaterally tighten UN sanctions ordered 
against the military that overthrew elected President Aristide 
31 months ago by withdrawing U.S. visas granted to some wealthy 
Haitian families who support the putschists. The radio 
broadcasts would allow Father Aristide to speak to the Haitian 
people on his request, he stated. Haitian soldiers are led to 
believe that if Aristide returns, they will be murdered or 
arrested. The president wants to let them know of his plans to 
rebuild the country and to professionalize the Army by 
separating it from the police, the president-in-exile's adviser 
explained. 
  The creation of a civilian police force and the 
professionalization of the Army can take a lot of time -- 
perhaps until February 1996, the date the elected president's 
mandate expires, the adviser acknowledged. Barnes denied that 
President Aristide, who only governed for seven months in Haiti, 
intends to extend his mandate of 31 months. He will respect the 
Constitution, which prohibits any reelection to the Presidency, 
and will transfer power to his elected successor in 1995, Barnes 
noted. The president-in-exile's adviser also indicated that 
upon his return, Aristide intends to create jobs by reinforcing 
Haiti's infrastructures and by addressing the most urgent needs 
with a $500 million plan. 

