Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> ["Decree of the Supreme Council of the Republic of </F>
Tajikistan: On the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the 
Republic of Tajikistan" and unattributed article: "Abdudzhalil 
Akhadovich Samadov"] 
  [Text] The Supreme Council of the Republic of Tajikistan 
decrees: 
  To appoint Abdudzhalil Akhadovich Samadov chairman of the 
Council of Ministers of the Republic of Tajikistan. 
  [Signed] Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Republic of 
Tajikistan 
  E. RAKHMONOV 
  City of Dushanbe 
  27 December 1993 
<H5>  Abdudzhalil Akhadovich SAMADOV </H5>
  A.A. Samadov was born 4 November 1949 in the city of 
Leninabad. Upon completing the Moscow Institute of Economics 
imeni Plekhanov, he worked at the Economics Institute of the 
republic Academy of Sciences. In September 1980 he worked in 
Gosplan [State Planning Committee] of the Tajik SSR [Soviet 
Socialist Republic], and in September 1988 was appointed Gosplan 
deputy chairman. In April 1990, A.A. Samadov was appointed 
deputy chairman of the Council of Ministers, and later, deputy 
prime minister of the Republic of Tajikistan. 
  Beginning in February 1992, A.A. Samadov headed the 
commercial production joint-stock company Ekotad. In October 
1992 he returned to working in the republic government. At the 
XVI Session of the Supreme Council of the Republic of 
Tajikistan, he was confirmed as deputy chairman of the Council 
of Ministers. On 27 December 1993, by decree of the Supreme 
Council, he was appointed chairman of the Council of Ministers 
of the Republic of Tajikistan. A.A. Samadov is a candidate of 
economic sciences. He is married and has three children. 

