BFN 

  [Text] Bonn (DDP/ADN) -- Chancellor Helmut Kohl has 
stressed the importance of Polish accession to the European 
Union (EU). Following a meeting with Polish Prime Minister 
Waldemar Pawlak, Kohl told reporters in Bonn today that without 
Poland, Europe would be a "torso." It is important for Poland 
to find the path to the EU. Germany intends to support the 
economic reform process in Poland with all its power. 
  Kohl said he had "a very good and intensive meeting" with 
Pawlak. This is important, because German-Polish relations are 
of vital significance for Europe, too. German-Polish relations 
have made positive progress, but can be improved further. 
  Many steps are still necessary on Poland's path to the EU. 
Kohl intends to submit proposals on this during the German EU 
presidency from 1 July. Pawlak, who is staying in Germany for 
the first time in his capacity as Polish prime minister, 
expressed the hope that the integration process will make good 
progress. 
  The chancellor also stressed that he is passionately 
fighting 
against any suggestion that Poland's western border should 
become the EU's eastern border. 
  Kohl and Pawlak also discussed the situation at the 
German-Polish border, where time and again there are long lines. 
Pawlak pointed out that it is a question of the border not just 
between Poland and Germany, but also with the EU. Both sides 
also called for an increase in the number of meetings between 
young people from Germany and Poland. 
  Pawlak is to visit Baden-Wuerttemberg tomorrow (Friday). 

