Language: <F P=105> Ukrainian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Here is some information we have received from 
Ukraine's Ministry of Defense. It is a statement with the 
following content: 
  Recently Russia's mass media, in particular Interfax and the 
SEGODNYA newspaper, have been circulating information about the 
dispatch from Ukraine's territory of special trains carrying 
nuclear warheads which are to be handed over to the Russian side 
in accordance with Ukraine's international obligations. At the 
same time, with reference to informed sources in the Russian 
Federation's Ministry of Defense, data of a strictly 
confidential nature is being broadcast. 
  The ease with which some journalists, referring to the 
Russian military, disseminate information throughout the world 
on the times, dates, and destinations of the trains carrying 
nuclear warheads evokes surprise, especially as Russian 
specialists cannot but acknowledge the fact that such actions 
create a real threat to the safety of the transportation of 
nuclear warheads. 
  Ukraine's Ministry of Defense Press Service states that such 
actions are provocative and inadmissible because they are 
directed at creating a new spiral of tension around Ukraine's 
nuclear disarmament. Because of the lack of discipline among 
Russian information sources, Ukraine is now forced to make 
additional adjustments to the schedule and routes for the 
transportation of nuclear warheads. 

