Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Dmitry Kossakovsky; first paragraph MOSCOW NEWS </F>
comment] 
  [Text] The first domestically-produced plant for the 
purification of drinking water from highly toxic admixtures will 
be tested in the capital of Bashkortostan. 
  Ecological disasters following the releases of highly toxic 
organic compounds in Bashkiria of 1990-92 have stimulated the 
development of a domestically-produced system for the protection 
of drinking water from dioxine and other super-ecotoxicants. For 
the development of a special technology and equipment more than 
ten Russian institutes have joined their efforts. Also 
participating in this work are scientists from the United 
States, Sweden and the Federal Republic of Germany. The project 
is financed by the Mayor's Office of Ufa and the Mac-Arthur 
Foundation of the United States. The project has no equal in 
world practice, since the country's chemical plants insured a 
unique "working area," having contaminated vast territories and 
water basins. The contents of dioxines done in the drinking 
water of Ufa during the peaks of the outbreaks exceeded the 
permissible level by more than ten times. 
  The technological cycle for the unit is being worked out by 
the VODGEO [expansion not given] Research Institute. As the head 
of the project Alexander Smirnov put it, the results obtained by 
the present time make it possible to hope that the problem will 
be solved with the use of Russian technologies and materials. 
The expenses for removing dioxines, according to VODGEO 
estimates, will make up 25-30&percnt; of the total 
water-purification 
expenses. 

