Language: <F P=105> Arabic </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Comment by 'Ali Musri al-Sha'iri, Secretary of the General </F>
People's Congress for Information and Culture, at a debate on 
the General People's Committee for Information and Culture; 
place and date not given -- recorded] 
  [Excerpts] Praise be to God for the state of our people now 
as a result of the great 1 September revolution and its leader 
who is not interested in power and who has been leading the 
struggle for people to assume power; praise be to God that the 
people has become a master on this part of our Arab homeland and 
the world around us; praise be to God that the people has become 
awesome because it has the final say. 
  The questioning that is taking place in this hall is the 
pinnacle of the exercising of people's democracy. It is not 
aimed at individuals; it is aimed at assessing the performance 
of individuals and their commitment to the resolutions of basic 
people's congresses, their ability to implement them even under 
the most difficult circumstances and the extent of their ability 
to transform revolutionary instructions into practical plans to 
be implemented. [passage omitted: more on the people's right to 
choose officials; shouts slogans in praise of the revolution, 
people's authority and al-Qadhdhafi] 
  Undoubtedly, this gathering is full of cadres ['anasir] whom 
I believe to be more capable than myself and others to shoulder 
the responsibility for this sector, particularly at this phase 
in view of it being a frontline detachment in the battle of 
preaching and defending the great fatih [1 September] 
revolution; the revolution of the new civilization [interrupted 
by slogans; asks to be given a minute]. 
  I leave this position for those who are more capable of 
assuming this duty. I stress that it would be death without the 
revolution and its leader and the people's authority. This is a 
pledge I will not betray, a promise I will not break, and a 
principle I will not deviate from as long as there is a drop of 
blood flowing in my veins. Forward and the revolutionary 
struggle continues. [passage omitted] 

