CSO 

<F P=106> [Article by Mykhaylo Protsiv: "May Variations in Food </F>
Prices"] 
  [Text] The Press Service of the Ukrainian Ministry of the 
Economy has recently divulged and circulated information 
that--contrary to all rumors--no successive rise in prices and 
rates is foreseen on consumer goods for the May-June period. On 
the contrary, the government's endeavors with regard to economic 
stabilization have led to a tangible reduction in the rate of 
inflation. 
  But, just what is the actual situation? Take rye bread, for 
example. In Lvov, on 14 April, a loaf cost 3,767 karbovantsy; 
whereas, on 17 May, a customer already had to pay 4,680 
karbovantsy for a loaf of such bread in a state store. Wheat 
bread has also become more expensive in Lvov. For example, a 
loaf baked with top-grade flour on that same day cost 4,418 
karbovantsy, that is, almost 1,000 karbovantsy more than it had 
a month before. To be sure, the price of wheat bread also rose 
by 63 karbovantsy in Ivano-Frankovsk. But, here the price of rye 
bread is only about half that paid for such a loaf in 
Lvov--2,556 karbovantsy In Kharkov, the price of rye bread has 
been stable for a long time at 2,018 karbovantsy a loaf, whereas 
wheat bread made with top-grade flour costs 2,564 karbovantsy a 
loaf. Incidentally, the cheapest vermicelli here is made of 
wheat using refined, white flour. One kilogram of this product 
costs 6,840 karbovantsy, while in Ivano-Frankovsk, Rovno, and 
Lvov a customer has to pay 9,170, 10,109, and 10,600 karbovantsy 
respectively. 
  Whereas, during April, the prices of fresh beef and pork 
declined, in May we are observing the reverse process. Only in 
Ivano-Frankovsk the price of beef went down by 1,200 
karbovantsy, and it cost 26,180 karbovantsy on 17 May of this 
year. The cheapest meat in this category--as of the day 
before--was in Lvov--where it cost 25,000 karbovantsy per 
kilogram; and the most expensive was in Kharkov, where a 
kilogram cost 31,280 karbovantsy. For some obscure reason, the 
prices on pork after Easter jumped sharply upward in the stores 
of all the above-mentioned cities. In most cases, this price 
rise was in the range of 2,000 karbovantsy per kilogram, and in 
Ivano-Frankovsk it amounted to an immediate jump of almost 7,000 
coupons. Here a customer has to pay 50,300 karbovantsy for 1 kg 
of pork, whereas the prices in Lvov and Rovno are 46,000 and 
44,566 karbovantsy per kg, respectively. 
  Sausage-type products have likewise risen in price. The most 
expensive is top-quality boiled sausage in Lvov, where it costs 
60,400 karbovantsy per kg, whereas the cheapest price for such 
an item is in Rovno, where it costs 47,632 karbovantsy per kg. 
  With regard to milk, during the last few years, the prices 
on 
it have stabilized somewhat. In Rovno, Lvov, and 
Ivano-Frankovsk, the price of a liter has remained around 3,418, 
3,450, and 2,910 karbovantsy, respectively. In Kharkov's state 
trade network, a customer has to pay 1,000 karbovantsy less per 
liter than in April, that is, 3,388 karbovantsy 
  Sour cream is most expensive in Lvov, although its price has 
not risen; and it cost 21,970 karbovantsy per kg on 17 May, 
whereas in Ivano-Frankovsk this product is the cheapest of the 
above-mentioned cities--costing 16,260 karbovantsy per kg. 
  Those inhabitants of Lvov who are fond of creamery butter 
are 
in for a pleasant surprise because they will be enjoying 1 kg of 
this product at a price that is 10,000 coupons cheaper than the 
inhabitants of the cities of Rovno, Kharkov, and 
Ivano-Frankovsk. However, 10 eggs cost 15,000 karbovantsy in 
Lvov, whereas in neighboring Ivano-Frankovsk the price is 13,260 
karbovantsy (could it be that in the mountains the hens have 
begun to lay eggs faster?). To be sure, the situation with 
regard to gingerbread cookies is more difficult for inhabitants 
of the Sub-Carpathian regions because--in contrast to the other 
cities--the price on such items is rising. One kilogram of these 
products here costs 15,446 karbovantsy, whereas in Kharkov the 
price is 10,688 karbovantsy. Somebody is obviously luring 
Kharkov's inhabitants into their snares with these sweet bakery 
items. By the way, berry-type candies are also quite cheap here. 
In Lvov a customer must pay 39,900 karbovantsy for a kg of these 
sweets, while in Kharkov the price is 28,384 karbovantsy per kg. 
  Just as a month ago, the cheapest potatoes are to be found 
in 
Ivano-Frankovsk, where 1 kg costs 982 coupons. In Kharkov a 
potato--although slightly less expensive--on 17 May could be 
bought for 2,712 karbovantsy. In Lvov this product has become 
more expensive and is now in the price range of 2,000 
karbovantsy. 
  With regard to prices at farmers' markets, beef prices have 
gone up in Lvov by 10,000, in Rovno--by 2,500, and in 
Ivano-Frankovsk--by 6,000 karbovantsy per kg. But this meat is 
most expensive in Kharkov, where it costs 54,000 karbovantsy per 
kilogram, although its price has remained unchanged during this 
past month. Pigs and poultry have become tangibly more expensive 
in the market place. For one speckled hen, a customer must pay 
100,000 coupons in Lvov, in Rovno--120,000, in Kharkov--143,333, 
and in Ivano-Frankovsk--120,000 coupons. 
  As compared to April, the following items have become 
cheaper 
in the farmers' markets: milk, sour cream, homemade butter, and 
vegetable oil. At the same time, however, prices charged for 
onions and garlic have gone up sharply. In April, a kilogram of 
turnips cost 25,833 coupons, for example, in Kharkov, whereas 
now it costs 66,260. In Lvov and Rovno, its price is 40,000 
karbovantsy. Moreover, in Lvov garlic has reached a record 
high--150,000 karbovantsy per kg. In Kharkov, they are asking 
115,000 karbovantsy, in Ivano-Frankovsk--90,000, and in 
Rovno--60,000 karbovantsy per kg of this product. 
  Therefore, prices on products both in state stores and in 
farmers' markets are going up sharply in some respects, while 
they are marking time in others. It is difficult to say what 
lies ahead for us, but the so-called food basket of most 
Ukrainian citizens until the next autumn harvest (May God grant 
that there is one!) will remain half empty and quite monotonous 
as to variety. 

