Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Bratislava Jan 5 (CTK) -- Ludovit Cernak, chairman 
of the Slovak National Party (SNS), told journalists today that 
he considered it his most urgent task "to clear his own table, 
address the public frankly and show willingness to cooperate." 
  Cernak said that the SNS was the first party to propose the 
creation of the government of a broader coalition, and had 
adopted this idea as a part of its programme at the last year's 
conference in Ruzomberok, Central Slovakia. That is why he 
identified himself with the words of Slovak President Michal 
Kovac, who promoted the idea of broader coalition in his New 
Year's speech, he added. 
  Cernak said he regretted that the SNS leadership's control 
over the party has dwindled away, that party principles have 
ceased to be effective, and the party has taken a position in 
which it identified itself with its political partner the 
Movement For a Democratic Slovakia (HZDS), the SNS' government 
coalition partner. 
  In the days to come, the SNS leadership and the Central 
Council will decide on the party's future attitude to the 
coalition questions, Cernak said. He did not rule out that even 
an SNS conference will be convoked as the party supreme body. 
  SNS representatives are to attend today's regular HZDS 
meeting. However, SNS Deputy Chairman Igor Uhrik said that SNS 
leaders had learnt this only from today's press. He said that 
as far as he knew, no SNS representative had been officially 
invited to the meeting. HZDS is obviously striving to push 
through a certain group of SNS deputies, whose philosophy is 
accommodated to the HZDS policy, Uhrik concluded. 

