BFN 

  [Text] Pyongyang, May 19 (KCNA) -- The Korean documentary 
film studio has of late released several documentary films. 
  "Turned Into Good Place", the first part of the documentary 
film "Following the Glorious Footsteps" deals with the changes 
of Korean cities and rural villages beyond recognition through 
the on-the-spot guidance of the great leader President Kim 
Il-song who has been devoting his whole life to the freedom and 
happiness of the people for long years since he embarked on the 
road of revolution in his early years. 
  The documentary film "Four Seasons of Pyongyang" vividly 
depicts the looks of Pyongyang today that has been built grandly 
and beautifully as the capital socialist motherland under the 
wise guidance of Comrade Kim Chong-il and the happiness of 
working people living an independent and creative life against 
the background of the natural sceneries of four seasons. 
  The newly released documentary films include "International 
Seminar on the Chuche Idea Held in Uganda (Kampala, 10-12. Feb. 
1994)" which records the international seminar on the chuche 
idea held with success in Kampala, the capital of Uganda, 
powerfully displaying the aspirations of progressive mankind to 
build an independent new world. 
  The studio has also made the documentary film "Soldiers of 
the General" which deals with the indomitable struggle of 
soldiers of the Korean People's Security Forces who returned to 
the motherland after winning a courageous fight with the enemy 
without the slightest vacillation, not abandoning their 
revolutionary faith and principle in the enemy-controlled area. 
  The new productions include "Our Party Cell" truthfully 
depicting the activities of a cell, the grassroots organization 
of the Workers' Party of Korea, which has creditably performed 
its noble mission and duty in strengthening and developing the 
party and victoriously advancing the revolution and 
construction, and a documentary film "Newly-Built Houses for 
30,000 Families" showing the heroic stamina of the Korean people 
in splendidly building the houses for 30,000 families in the 
capital as grand monumental edifices. 

