Language: <F P=105> Somali </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Commentary by Farah Mohamed Dur Gube; read by Khadijah </F>
Mohamed Jim'aleh] 
  [Excerpts] Over 30 years ago Somalia achieved its 
independence from the European colonizers. Our country was 
ruled by various governments which were all oppressors and not 
founded on Islam. The last of these was that of the dictator 
Siad Barre. [passage omitted] Following these corrupt 
governments, Somalia underwent four years of chaos with no law 
and order, and was beset by many problems. [passage omitted] 
  Almighty and powerful Allah has prescribed a comprehensive 
constitution to govern the universe we live in. There is no 
doubt that whoever deviates from Allah's constitution in favor 
of a manmade one and follows the crooked path which Satan has 
made deceptively alluring will lose out and perish. [passage 
omitted] 
  How, then, can this 34-year old problem be resolved? It is 
simple. The solution is to follow the holy Koran, which is the 
constitution revealed by God to administer this world. There is 
no doubt that God will help and will save whoever follows his 
path and distances himself from the commands of the jinni and 
human devils. [passage omitted] Therefore, we should live and 
govern ourselves sincerely in accordance with Allah's book in 
order to achieve success both in this world and the next. 

