BFN 

  [Excerpt] Here is a brief interview granted by Hrvoje 
Sarinic, head of the Croatian negotiating team, to Croatian 
Television correspondent Silvana Mendjusic: 
  [Begin Mendjusic recording] The latest from Geneva: Serbian 
Krajina President Milan Martic has agreed to negotiations with 
Croatia; the conditions are for the meeting to take place in 
Plitvice on 16 and 17 June. Does the Croatian side accept these 
conditions? 
  [Sarinic] First, I would not completely agree that these are 
conditions in the strictest sense of the word. As you know, the 
Croatian side has always insisted that meetings on the 
normalization of relations between the Republic of Croatia and 
the Serbs from the UNPA [UN Protected Areas] take place on the 
territory of the Republic of Croatia. This was our condition 
and this is probably the reason why no meetings have so far been 
organized -- because of their refusal to accept this until now. 
They have obviously accepted now, and I salute this with 
pleasure. 
  The signing of the agreement on the cessation of hostilities 
was only the first in a series of talks leading to the 
normalization of overall relations between the Republic of 
Croatia and the Serbs from the UNPA. Therefore, we accept this 
with pleasure because we believe that our conditions have been 
fulfilled. 
  [Mendjusic] Could you comment on the reason for Martic's 
sudden consent. Does this mean that the pressure brought to 
bear by the international community has become too much of a 
strain? 
  [Sarinic] I believe that it would be a mistake to view their 
standpoints on their own. You know that the problem of the 
Serbs from the UNPA is linked to the problem in 
Bosnia-Herzegovina, and that the key to all these problems 
should be sought in Belgrade. It is evident that the Serbs have 
come to the conclusion that further procrastination under 
pressure from the international community is not in their 
interest. [passage omitted] [end recording] 

