Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by Somchit Rungchamratrasmee from Manerplaw] </F>
  [Excerpts] Anti-Rangoon Karen leader Gen Bo Mya announced 
yesterday that his group will again push for talks with the 
Burmese junta, the State Law and Order Restoration Council 
(Slorc), to end the country's political turmoil. 
  Speaking to a mass gathering on the Karen New Year Day, Bo 
Mya said his group would not abandon other prodemocracy Burmese 
allies but that his attempts to bring the Democratic Alliance of 
Burma (DAB) to the negotiating table have always been rejected 
by Slorc. [passage omitted] 
  The Karen general said he would consult the DAB before 
meeting Slorc representatives and he hoped a DAB meeting 
tomorrow would come up with a resolution on the issue. 
  He blamed the failure of previous peace negotiations between 
the Karen and Rangoon--in 1949, 1962 and 1963--on successive 
Burmese governments and said "the Karen do not want to see 
disunity among all ethnic minorities. Instead they want to help 
to create democracy, human rights and freedom in the country." 
  Bo Mya later told reporters that the Karen National Union 
decided to enter talks with Slorc at the junta's invitation. 
The meeting, he said, has to take place in a country that 
recognises the negotiations and not inside Burma. He declined 
to disclose conditions of talks but said the forum would 
concentrate on political aspects. 
  Informed sources in the All Burma's Students Democratic 
Front 
said the Burmese military attache to Thailand, Col Thein Swe, 
told Gen Bo Mya in a brief meeting arranged by Thai mediators 
and officers early this month in Mae Hong Son that Slorc was 
willing to meet the Karen but not the DAB. [passage omitted] 

