BFN 

<F P=106> [Report by political correspondent Shim'on Schiffer] </F>
  [Excerpt] The United States has informed Israel of its 
intention to open an office of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development [USAID] in East Jerusalem to oversee financial aid 
to the Palestinian Autonomy in Jericho. 
  Senior political sources in Jerusalem view the U.S. plan 
with 
concern, and the matter has been transferred to Prime Minister 
Yitzhaq Rabin to decide how Israel will respond to the U.S. 
initiative. 
  The U.S. Administration has undertaken to grant $500 million 
to the Palestinian Authority in Gaza and Jericho in the coming 
five years. USAID Director Brian Atwood is due to arrive here 
in the coming days for talks with policymakers in Jerusalem and 
with the Palestinian Authority on the establishment of an office 
in Jerusalem and ways to oversee the distribution of funds. 
  The political sources expressed concern yesterday that the 
U.S. office, which may be set up in East Jerusalem, would be 
seen as a basis for possible future recognition of East 
Jerusalem as the capital of the Palestinian state. 
  U.S. Ambassador Djerejian informed the Foreign Ministry in 
Jerusalem of the intention to set up the office inside the U.S. 
Consulate in the city. 
  Another item on Jerusalem: The Foreign Ministry has informed 
foreign embassies here of Israel's negative view of the 
intention to set up interests offices in Jericho to work with 
the Palestinian Authority there. It should be noted that an 
"interests office" is diplomatic jargon signifying one stage in 
official recognition between two independent entities. [passage 
omitted] 

