Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Nanjing, January 13 (XINHUA) -- Eastern Jiangsu 
Province approved more than 1,800 Taiwan-funded enterprises in 
1993, involving two billion U.S. dollars in contracted Taiwan 
investment. 
  To date, 3,400 Taiwan-funded enterprises, involving 1.48 
billion U.S. dollars in Taiwan funds, have been established in 
the province, which registers the largest gross domestic product 
in China. 
  Of the enterprises, projects related to high technology and 
basic industry have been increasing rapidly. Real estate, 
retail sales, the entertainment industry and services industry 
have also become investment focuses of investors from Taiwan. 
  There are now more than 100 Taiwan-funded enterprises each 
with an investment of more than 10 million U.S. dollars in 
Jiangsu. 
  Development zones for Taiwan investors have been set aside 
in 
Nanjing, the capital of the province, Suzhou, Nantong and 
Lianyungang. 
  The unique geographical situation, well-balanced industrial 
framework and continuously improving investment environment 
attracted them, many Taiwan businessmen said. 
  The province expects more financial groups and major 
enterprises this year and hopes to cooperate with them 
particularly in construction of basic industries and 
infrastructures, including iron and steel plants, power plants 
and road and port construction, local officials said. 

