Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Excerpt] Rodolfo Friedmann, the former governor of Guaira 
Department, has sought asylum at the Spanish Embassy because he 
has received death threats. However, because there is no asylum 
treaty between Spain and Paraguay, Friedmann was unable to 
achieve his goal. Nevertheless, Spanish Ambassador Asuncion 
Anzorena put Friedmann into contact with Interior Minister 
Carlos Podesta, who offered him the necessary guarantees and 
placed a police guard at his disposal. Friedmann also made 
serious charges against President Juan Carlos Wasmosy and 
Senator Juan Carlos Galaverna. 
  Former Guaira Governor Rodolfo Friedmann yesterday reported 
that during the evening of 21 February three armed individuals 
who got out of a Santana at the corner of Republica Argentina 
and Espana Avenues made death threats against him, his wife, and 
his children. 
  Friedmann added that he was warned that if he did not 
withdraw all charges made against the president in view of the 
decree accepting his resignation, his wife and children would 
suffer the consequences. 
  In view of this incident, Friedmann tried to seek asylum at 
the Spanish Embassy to protect himself. He added that because 
there is no asylum treaty between Spain and Paraguay, the 
Spanish ambassador put him in contact with Interior Minister 
Carlos Podesta. 
  According to Friedmann, Podesta offered him the necessary 
guarantees. This was evidenced yesterday afternoon, when 
Friedmann received police custody. 
  Friedmann added that after having held a telephone 
conversation with the Spanish ambassador he again received death 
threats, warning him that the action was to be perpetrated 
yesterday. [passage omitted] 

