Language: <F P=105> Spanish </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Santo Domingo, 31 Jan (EFE) -- Half of the Dominican 
Army is guarding the border with Haiti to prevent the shipment 
of contraband fuel, Major General Ivan Hernandez Oleaga today 
reported in the border town of Jimani, southwest Dominican 
Republic. 
  In statements to the newspaper ULTIMA HORA, Army Chief of 
Staff Hernandez Oleaga indicated that the Dominican Government 
is ready to enforce the petroleum embargo imposed by the UN 
Security Council against the Haitian military coupists to 
pressure for deposed President Jean-Bertrand Aristide's return 
to power. Hernandez Oleaga said that in the last few months, 
there has been an increase in the number of people with access 
to Haiti, the country which shares the island of La Espanola 
with the Dominican Republic. The Dominican Republic and Haiti 
share close to 350 km of border. There are three border posts, 
and the rest is mainly forests and mountains. "When the embargo 
began we had the 3d and 4th Infantry Brigades in the area. We 
now have one more, and we have reinforced the two previous 
ones," he said. Although he did not state the exact number of 
soldiers in a brigade, he estimated that one has from 5,000 to 
7,000 members. 
  Nearly a month ago, the Army seized a fuel truck that tried 
to take thousands of liters of fuel to Haiti. Through the 
Dominican Red Cross and as humanitarian aid, the Dominican 
Government permits shipments of bottled gas to Haiti, mainly for 
use in hospitals. 

