Language: <F P=105> Korean </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [By Yi Kang-tok from Panmunjom] </F>
  [Text] South and North Korea held the seventh working-level 
contact at Tongilgak in the North side area of Panmunjom this 
morning to discuss the exchange of special envoys. Although our 
side presented a revised draft agreement, no progress was made 
in discussions, as the North side again raised the issue of 
announcing a joint communique. Both sides agreed to meet again 
on 19 March. 
  Because the two sides failed to settle the matter concerning 
procedures for the envoy exchange in today's contact, it has 
become impossible for an envoy exchange to be realized prior to 
21 March. Accordingly, the United States is likely to officially 
notify North Korea of a delay in the third round of U.S.-North 
Korean talks. 
  In today's contact, North Korea delayed discussions of 
practical problems, insisting that the South side should accept, 
without exception, its demand for the announcement of a joint 
communique on the agreement by the South and North to an envoy 
exchange, since the North side took the epochal measure of 
withdrawing its four demands in the last contact. 
  The North side repeatedly stressed its unchanged stance, 
showing a strong position of not allowing the slightest 
concession [hanchiui yangbodo hoyong haji ankettanun kanghan 
ipchangul poimyo] on items regarding missions of special envoys, 
procedures, and schedule of their visits. In the last contact, 
they also failed to narrow their differences in opinion on these 
items and urged our side to accept its entire proposal. 

