Language: <F P=105> French </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Article signed GGD/RAY: "Mr. Delcroix Thanks General </F>
Briquemont for the Mission Accomplished"; as released by 
Brussels BELGA Database] 
  [Text] Brussels, 5 Jan (BELGA) -- Belgian Defense Minister 
Delcroix confirmed on Wednesday [5 January] the replacement "as 
soon as possible" of Lieutenant General Francis Briquemont by a 
British general as commander of the UN Protection Force 
(UNPROFOR) in Bosnia-Herzegovina. 
  Mr. Delcroix "has learned of the favorable decision by UN 
Secretary General Butrus Butrus-Ghali, to replace Lieutenant 
General Francis Briquemont," the National Defense Ministry 
announced in a communique. 
  General Briquemont, who has commanded the UNPROFOR in Bosnia 
since mid-July, had addressed his request to be relieved of his 
post to Mr. Delcroix back in December. Belgium then passed on 
this request to the UN headquarters in New York, at the same 
time proposing to provide another general to complete General 
Briquemont's one year mandate. 
  The United Nations did not, however, accept the latter 
proposal and has chosen to appoint a British officer, General 
Michael Rose. 
  According to Mr. Delcroix, UN practices dictate that when a 
high ranking officer is relieved of a military command in the 
framework of a UN mandate, his replacement must be of a 
different nationality, the communique notes. General Briquemont 
had succeeded France's Philippe Morillon in Bosnia, who had 
himself replaced Canada's Lewis Mackenzie. 
  Finally, Mr. Delcroix thanked General Briquemont for the 
"remarkable job he has done under very difficult conditions over 
recent months" as commander of the UNPROFOR in Bosnia. 
  General Briquemont, aged 59, will return to his dual post as 
commander of Belgium's 1st Army Corps and commander in chief of 
the Belgian forces in Germany (CCFA). He was invested in the 
latter capacity in early July just a few days before he left for 
Sarajevo. 

