BFN 

  [Text] The Foreign Ministry has notified Iraqi Charge 
d'Affaires 'Awad Fakhri of the cabinet's decision to sever 
diplomatic ties with Iraq. Ambassador Zafir al-Hasan 
communicated the decision to Fakhri at 1230 today. 
  Meanwhile, Foreign Minister Faris Buwayz commented on the 
circumstances surrounding the cabinet's decision at an emergency 
session yesterday to sever ties with Iraq and close the Iraqi 
Embassy in Beirut, in view of the Iraqi Government's refusal to 
hand over certain individuals involved in the assassination of 
Iraqi oppositionist Talib al-Suhayl al-Tamimi. 
  More details from our Foreign Ministry correspondent Khalil 
Fulayhan: 
  [Begin recording] [Fulayhan] Foreign Minister Faris Buwayz 
commented on yesterday's cabinet decision to sever diplomatic 
ties with Iraq, close down the Iraqi Embassy in Lebanon, and 
deport its diplomatic staff within 72 hours. Buwayz said: 
  [Buwayz] You may know that a number of people from the Iraqi 
diplomatic mission are involved in the assassination that took 
place in Beirut. A number of those involved in the 
assassination have been arrested, including certain individuals 
who are not members of the Iraqi diplomatic mission. It is a 
clear case of a premeditated crime. 
  On the basis of the above, and with the refusal of the Iraqi 
Government to hand over the remaining culprits and lift 
diplomatic immunity from some of the embassy staff so that 
justice may take its course, the Lebanese Government decided to 
sever diplomatic ties between Lebanon and Iraq and declared the 
members of the Iraqi diplomatic mission personae non grata. The 
government left it to the Lebanese judiciary to decide whether 
diplomatic immunity remains valid in such cases. A number of 
the defendants, we must remember, have confessed that they 
carried out this operation with direct orders from the Iraqi 
intelligence service but without instructions or direct orders 
from the head of their mission in Lebanon. 
  [Unidentified correspondent] Your Excellency, who will take 
care of the Lebanese interests in Iraq? 
  [Buwayz] There are diplomatic procedures that apply in this 
case. We in the Foreign Ministry will make a decision in this 
regard soon. 
  [Correspondent] How many Lebanese work in Iraq? Is it 
12,000? 
  [Buwayz] No. The official figure speaks of less than 1,500. 
  [Correspondent] What measures will you take if Iraq refuses 
to lift the immunity of the two other defendants? 
  [Buwayz] As I said, we left it to the Lebanese judiciary to 
decide whether diplomatic immunity remains valid in this case. 
This is a clear case. The defendants have made detailed 
confessions stating that they received orders from the 
Intelligence Service, directly from Baghdad. It is a case of 
flagrant and premeditated murder. 
  [Correspondent] Regarding the duration of the detention, how 
long can you keep the culprits in temporary custody? 
  [Buwayz] Until the investigating magistrate makes the 
appropriate decision in the case. 
  [Correspondent] How about the individuals who are holed up 
in 
the Iraqi Embassy, do you want them [words indistinct]? 
  [Buwayz] No. We have made a clear request for the 
nondiplomatic persons who are currently in the embassy to be 
handed over. 
  [Correspondent] Is there anyone other than the consul and 
.... 
  [Buwayz, interrupting] There are still two people wanted by 
the Lebanese authorities. 
  [Fulayhan] Ambassador Zafir al-Hasan, Foreign Ministry 
secretary general, summoned Iraq's Charge d'Affaires to Lebanon 
'Awad Fakhri today and notified him of the cabinet's decision. 
This is Khalil Fulayhan speaking to you from the Foreign 
Ministry. [end recording] 

