BFN 

  [Excerpts] The Ministry of Industrial Restructuring and 
Participation came into existence with the new government 
formation. As soon as it was announced that this ministry was 
entrusted to Mourad Benachenhou, the minister of economy in the 
former government and the one who engineered the agreement with 
the IMF, the media and the general trade union rushed and said 
that it was a ministry of privatization. 
  Mourad Benachenhou, who was today's guest on the Algerian 
Radio 3 Transitions program, tried to dismiss this idea and 
pointed out that his ministry was charged with a mission that 
had a character of conception and analysis of the current 
situation of the industrial, distribution, and tourism sectors. 
Our colleague Benahmimed has more details. 
  [Begin Benahmimed recording] Mr. Benachenhou stressed that 
his ministry would carry out the duty of putting forward 
proposals on the ways and means of restructuring these sectors 
and increasing their productivity level. [passage omitted] 
  Mr. Michel Camdessus, the director general of the IMF, at 
the 
opening of the spring session of the annual general meeting of 
the World bank and the IMF talked about the agreements signed 
lately, including the Algerian model. In this context, Mr. 
Camdessus described the Algerian Government's program for 
economic revival as strong and stressed the activating role of 
the IMF in giving incentives for the necessary financing in 
order to bring about this revival. 
  France yesterday announced once again, through Foreign 
Minister Alain Juppe, its solidarity with Algeria. Juppe also 
expressed his country's satisfaction with the fact that the 
other European partners expressed the same. He mentioned that 
there is a spontaneous European initiative stipulating that 150 
million ECUs [European currency units] will be granted to 
Algeria. [end recording] 

