Language: <F P=105> English </F>
Article Type:BFN 

  [Text] Warsaw, January 10 (MTI) -- Poland, Hungary and 
Slovakia seek to maintain the Visegrad Group cooperation, and 
"sooner or later, the Czechs will also realize there is no 
shorter way to Europe or NATO. These countries can become 
members of European institutions more or less simultaneously," 
Hungarian Foreign Minister Geza Jeszenszky told Poland's 
authoritative weekly POLITYKA. 
  In Jeszenszky's view, Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic 
and 
Slovakia are linked by historical, cultural and economic ties. 
He asserts that the four countries, problems and the mentality 
of their residents are very similar. He added that the United 
States, the European Union and other European institutions are 
also for maintaining the Visegrad Group, and treating the four 
countries as a group of states. 
  The Prague meeting, Jeszenszky said, is a good opportunity 
for the U.S. President to see the importance of this part of 
Europe. "It would be good for the President to realize how many 
dangers our new democracies have to face. America has to accept 
a certain responsibility for their fate," he said. 
  He stressed that the membership of the region's countries in 
European structures may be the first stage in the eastward 
expansion of democracy, welfare and stability. "A stable 
Central Europe can be an example and hope for other states in 
the region that it is worth taking the same path of economic and 
political reform... Towards a full membership in the European 
Union and in NATO." 

