BFN 

  [Excerpt] Bujumbura, 31 March (PANA) -- The Organization of 
African Unity (OAU) has decided to withdraw its special 
representative in Burundi, Papa Louis Fall, after four months 
under an impossible observer mission, sources in Bujumbura said 
Thursday [31 March]. Fall, who is Senegal's ambassador to 
Ethiopia, met President Cyprien Ntaryamira in Bujumbura on 
Tuesday, the official sources said. The envoy arrived in the 
country on 17th November 1993 at the head of 20 civilians 
supposed to be in the proposed OAU Protection and Observer 
Mission (MIPROBU), which was to be sent into Burundi following 
the assassination of President Melchior Ndadaye on 21st October 
1993. 
  In a televised statement in Bujumbura, the OAU special 
representative expressed regret at not being able to carry out 
his mission. "I learnt a lot in Burundi but I taught very 
little" he said, adding that "the problem in Burundi is very 
complex, and can only be effectively solved by the people of 
Burundi themselves." 
  The Senegalese diplomat was supposed to head a force of 200 
people, 180 of them army officers and men from several 
francophone African countries. However, on 24th December 1993, 
six opposition Burundi political parties staged demonstrations 
in the streets of Bujumbura to oppose the force's impending 
arrival. They claimed the presence of MIPROBU in Burundi would 
be in violation of national sovereignty. Some protesters also 
accused the OAU envoy of making biased statements. 
  After that incident, the OAU representative became very 
discreet and the idea of a foreign protection force was 
gradually shelved. In its place, a 1000-man local unit was 
created under the direct authority of the presidency. It is 
charged with the protection of institutions. [passage omitted] 

