BFN 

  [Excerpts] No one knows how many people have been massacred 
in Rwanda. [passage omitted] The militiamen of the former 
single party in Rwanda, the Republican National Movement for 
Democracy and Development [MRNDD], the late President 
Habyarimana's party, are considered to be largely to blame for 
these massacres. Their leader is Robert Kadjuga; he is 
president of this militia, called the Interahamwe. Our reporter 
Jean Helene has met him and Kadjuga says he has had enough of 
these accusations. The massacres, the genocide, all these are 
the results of fate rather than of some deliberate plan: 
  [Begin recording] [Kadjuga] They are not organized; no way, 
no way, no way. You have to see the situation: the president 
died, and after three hours, the population really did not 
understand what was going on. They saw their neighbors next 
door who had guns to kill everyone; well, they just defended 
themselves. 
  [Helene] Are you collaborating with the army in this form of 
civilian defense? 
  [Kadjuga] Well, we just exchange some advice. Otherwise, 
there really is no regular contact with the army. We are just 
doing our best not to disturb the army. If the army asks us to 
leave a spot, we leave it, but we help the army to defend the 
country. 
  [Helene] Do you send your members to the front? 
  [Kadjuga] Sometimes, because there are sectors where the RPF 
[Rwandan Patriotic Front] wants to go but the population does 
not want this, so I could describe this as the front. So, if 
you like, if the RPF is in this sector, and if our people are 
there, then they fight. We are going to fight to prevent the 
RPF from taking Kigali. We're quite sure of that. We'd rather 
die. [end recording] 

