BFN 

<F P=106> [By Hanadi Saqf-al-Hayt] </F>
  [Text] AKHIR KHABAR accompanied the Palestinian police 
unit affiliated with the Badr Brigade, which arrived at King 
Husayn Bridge this morning on its way to the Jericho area. 
  The unit's 270 members, each armed with a Kalashnikov, were 
transported by bus. 
  Well-informed Palestinian sources in Amman said that Jordan 
will arm the Palestinian police force affiliated with al-Aqsa 
Brigade, which will arrive from Iraq within the next two days. 
This force will be supplied with cars, equipment, and weapons 
at the Pilgrims' City in Wadi Nimrin near al-Shunah al-Janubiyah. 
  The sources told AKHIR KHABAR that the Iraqi Government 
prevented the Palestinian forces from taking their weapons and 
equipment with them. It allowed them to leave their camps in 
Iraqi territory for the Jordanian border post at al-Ruwayshid 
with only their personal belongings. This forced President 
Yasir 'Arafat, during his recent visit to Jordan, to ask His 
Majesty King Husayn to arm these forces in Jordan. For his 
part, his majesty showed a willingness to supply the weapons 
these forces asked for, allowing them to choose the kind of 
weapons they wanted; that is, the Western M16, or the Eastern 
Kalazhnikov. 'Arafat asked for Kalashnikovs. 
  AKHIR KHABAR also learned that Palestinian officials in 
Amman 
will buy cars and other equipment from the Free Zone [in 
al-Zarqa'] within the next two days in order to equip these 
forces. 
  The Palestinian sources said that this has led to a change 
in 
arrangements in terms of the forces' entry into Jericho. The 
al-Aqsa forces stationed in Iraq were supposed to enter the 
Jericho area via the King Husayn Bridge only one day after the 
signing of the Cairo accord. However, the forces affiliated to 
Badr Brigade, stationed in Jordan, entered Jericho instead. 

