BFN 

<F P=106> [Muhammad Bishkar dispatch from Beirut] </F>
  [Text] Hamas [Islamic Resistance Movement], which has 
claimed responsibility for the attack on a Zionist bus in the 
Hadera area north of Tel Aviv today in which six Zionists were 
killed and 30 others were injured, has announced that this is 
the second in a series of operations it has decided to carry out 
against the Zionists in response to the massacre at the 
al-Ibrahimi Mosque. 
  Muhammad Nazzal, Hamas official in Amman, told us in a 
telephone conversation a short while ago that Hamas has decided 
to carry out five military operations against the occupation 
troops and Zionist settlers in response to the Hebron massacre. 
The Hadera operation today is the second in this series and 
comes one week after the suicide operation in 'Afula in northern 
Palestine, where eight Zionists were killed and 52 others were 
wounded. Nazzal stressed that the operations against the 
Zionist settlers are legitimate because they shoot Palestinians 
for no reason. 
  [Begin Nazzal recording] These settlers were, still are, and 
will remain a dagger in the Palestinian territory and they must 
be evacuated from this land, to which they have come from all 
over the world. We believe that these settlers do what they are 
doing in collusion with the Israeli Army and with the protection 
of the Israeli authorities. [end recording] 

