Language: <F P=105> Dutch </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [Article by Henk Aben: "European Parliament Remains Hampered </F>
by Impotence"] 
  [Text] Strasbourg -- "Europe is dying in Sarajevo," said 
Netherlander Mr. Arie Oostlander (of the CDA [Christian 
Democratic Appeal] -- ALGEMEEN DAGBLAD editor's note) yesterday 
in the Chamber of the European Parliament. 
  The Chamber's reaction to the statement made by Theodoros 
Pangalos, Greek president of the European Council of Ministers, 
who could say nothing other than that no decision had been made, 
bore witness to Parliament's bewilderment and impotence. Mr. 
Pangalos did, however, at least express some optimism regarding 
the peace talks, which resumed in Geneva today. 
  Pangalos said his government was not in favor of military 
intervention in the Balkans. However, Greece will not oppose 
any decision, should one finally be forthcoming. He also stated 
that all the warring factions had committed war crimes, "albeit 
not to the same extent." 
  It was mainly MEP's [members of the European Parliament] 
from 
the Netherlands who expressed their outrage on behalf of the 
groups they represented: "Europe lost face long ago," said Mr. 
Eisso Woltjer of the PvdA [Labor Party]. "Something like 200,000 
people have died. How long must we look on, resigned to the 
situation?" he wondered. 
  "A cease-fire must come about within two weeks. That must be 
the ultimatum. Otherwise, the arms embargo imposed on Bosnia 
must be lifted so that the legal government can defend itself," 
said the Liberals, via their spokesman, Jan Willem Bertens of 
the D66 [Democrats 1966]. "Even the credibility of our 
conscience is at stake," he added. 
  The Greens were of the opinion that the European Parliament 
should really have a permanent presence in Sarajevo, with 
European Parliament President Egon Klepsch having an obligation 
to visit the Bosnian capital, and a small group of MEP's staying 
on in the city afterwards -- even if merely as a gesture of 
solidarity. The idea was certainly well received by other 
political groups. 

