Language: <F P=105> Russian </F>
Article Type:BFN 

<F P=106> [From the "Vesti" newscast] </F>
  [Text] The events in Vladivostok have squeezed news from 
Moscow into the background. Igor Lebedinets, deputy head of the 
Vladivostok administration, reported that an armed group of 
people had seized the city administration building. 
  According to Reuter, the group consists of 50 members of the 
Special Purpose Militia Detachments [OMON]. Viktor Cherepkov, 
head of the Vladivostok administration, is now in the building. 
He is a sick man, having had a heart attack. 
  There is, practically, no legitimate authority in the town. 
Lebedinets, deputy head of administration, has asked the Russian 
president and the head of government to take urgent measures. 
  [Begin video report by M. Velikoselskiy and A. Savelev] 
Viktor Cherepkov, the mayor of Vladivostok, was forcibly removed 
from office in the early hours of 17 March by the Kray 
administration, using the militia forces. The mayor's office is 
blocked by the OMON, and our Vesti team was not allowed into the 
building. (Veniyamin Chichayev), senior assistant of the kray 
procurator, said the mayor had been removed in connection with 
bribery charges and failing to attend a hearing. The kray court 
gave its consent, because Cherepkov is standing as a candidate 
to the kray duma. 
  According to eyewitnesses, the mayor, who was elected by the 
town people and who suffers from a heart complaint, was carried 
out of the mayor's office, while Vladimir Gilginberg, in charge 
of the city's affairs, was thrown out by force. 
  [Begin Gilginberg voice recording] I was chucked out. About 
five militiamen, sergeants, I think, grabbed me by my hands and 
legs and threw me out, throwing my jacket and hat out after me, 
into the bargain. [end recording] 
  Konstantin Tolstoshein has been appointed acting mayor. 
Cherepkov got significantly more votes than he did during the 
elections. In the meantime, it came out that on the eve of the 
operation, the city's hospitals had received an urgent 
instruction to prepare beds for the wounded as a result of a 
possible Kamchatka earthquake. Both Kamchatka authorities and 
the hydrometeorological service categorically denied today that 
a cataclysm could occur over the next few days. Cherepkov's 
supporters are picketing the mayor's office and the removed 
mayor has gone on a hunger strike. [end video report] 
  [Announcer] Nonetheless, Igor Lebedinets denied rumours that 
Viktor Cherepkov's removal gave rise to indignation among the 
people of Vladivostok. On the contrary, he told an Interfax 
correspondent, it made the town dwellers breathe easy again. 
When I presented Konstantin Tolstoshein, who will be the town's 
acting mayor, to the public, people applauded, added Lebedinets. 

