 







<USDEPT>NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION</USDEPT>



<DOCTITLE>Records Schedules; Availability and Request for Comments</DOCTITLE>



<AGENCY>
AGENCY: 

National Archives and Records Administration, Office of Records Administration.



</AGENCY>
<ACTION>
ACTION: 

Notice of availability of proposed records schedules; request for comments.






</ACTION>
<SUMMARY>
SUMMARY: 

The National Archives and records Administration (NARA) publishes notice at lest once monthly of certain Federal
Agency requests for records disposition authority (records schedules). Records schedules identify records of
sufficient value to warrant preservation in the National Archives of the United States. Schedules also authorize
agencies after a specified period to dispose of records lacking administrative, legal, research, or other value.
Notice is published for records schedules that (1) propose the destruction of records not previously authorized
for disposal, or (2) reduce the retention period for records already authorized for disposal. NARA invites public
comments on such schedules, as required by 44 U.S.C. 3303a(a).



</SUMMARY>
<DATE>
DATES: 

Request for copies must be received in writing on or before August 12, 1994. Once the appraisal of the records is completed,
NARA will send a copy of the schedule. The requester will be given 30 days to submit comments.




</DATE>
<ADDRESS>
ADDRESSES: 

Address requests for single copies of schedules identified in this notice to the Records Appraisal and Disposition
Division (NIR), National Archives and Records Administration, Washington, DC 20408. Requesters must cite the control
number assigned to each schedule when requesting a copy. The control number appears in the parentheses immediately
after the name of the requesting agency.





</ADDRESS>
<SUPPLEM>
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: 

Each year U.S. Government agencies create billions of records on paper, film, magnetic tape, and other media. In order
to control this accumulation, agency records managers prepare records schedules specifying when the agency no longer
needs the records and what happens to the records after this period. Some schedules are comprehensive and cover all
the records of an agency or one of its major subdivisions. These comprehensive schedules provide for the eventual
transfer to the National Archives of historically valuable records and authorize the disposal of all other records.
Most schedules, however, cover records of only one office or program or a few series of records, and many are updates
of previously approved schedules. Such schedules also may include records that are designated for permanent retention.




Destruction of records requires the approval of the Archivist of the United States. This approval is granted after
a thorough study of the records that takes into account their administrative use by the agency of origin, the rights
of the Government and of private persons directly affected by the Government's activities, and historical or other
value.



This public notice identifies the Federal agencies and their subdivisions requesting disposition authority, includes
the control number assigned to each schedule, and briefly describes the records proposed for disposal. The records
schedule contains additional information about the records and their disposition. Further information about the
disposition process will be furnished to each requester.



</SUPPLEM>
