 

Netherlands Generating Trust III is a business trust 
under Delaware law, which has been formed to purchase an 
undivided interest in Unit 9 of the Amercentrale cogeneration 
facility (``Facility'' or ``Unit 9''), a 650 MW (gross) facility 
located in Geertruidenberg, The Netherlands. PCI Netherlands 
Corporation is the sole beneficiary of Netherlands Generating 
Trust III. PCI Netherlands Corporation is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Potomac Capital Investment Corporation, which in 
turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Potomac Electric Power 
Company. The undivided interest in the Facility will be leased 
to N.V. Elektriciteits-Produktiemaatschappij Zuid-Nederland EPZ 
(``EPZ''), a Netherlands generating utility company. The lease 
will allow EPZ to use the undivided interest in the Facility, 
which can be fueled by either coal or gas, to produce steam and 
electricity. The Applicant states that no rate or charge in 
connection with Unit 9 was in effect under the laws of any state 
as of October 24, 1992 or at any time thereafter. The Applicant 
further states that copies of the application were served upon 
the Securities and Exchange Commission, the District of Columbia 
Public Service Commission, and the Maryland Public Service 
Commission. 
Comment date: October 14, 1994, in accordance with Standard Paragraph E at the end of this notice. The Commission will
limit its consideration of comments to those that concern the adequacy or accuracy of the application. 


8. Netherlands Generating Trust IV 


[Docket No. EG94100000]


On September 22, 1994, Netherlands Generating Trust IV, 
c/o Wilmington Trust Company, Rodney Square North, 1100 North 
Market Square, Wilmington, Delaware, 198900004, filed with the 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission an application for 
determination of exempt wholesale generator status pursuant to 
Part 365 of the Commission's regulations. 

Netherlands Generating Trust IV is a business trust 
under Delaware law, which has been formed to purchase an 
undivided interest in Unit 9 of the Amercentrale cogeneration 
facility (``Facility'' or ``Unit 9''), a 650 MW (gross) facility 
located in Geertruidenberg, The Netherlands. PCI Netherlands 
Corporation is the sole beneficiary of Netherlands Generating 
Trust IV. PCI Netherlands Corporation is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Potomac Capital Investment Corporation, which in 
turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Potomac Electric Power 
Company. The undivided interest in the Facility will be leased 
to N.V. Elektriciteits-Produktiemaatschappij Zuid-Nederland EPZ 
(``EPZ''), a Netherlands generating utility company. The lease 
will allow EPZ to use the undivided interest in the Facility, 
which can be fueled by either coal or gas, to produce steam and 
electricity. The Applicant states that no rate or charge in 
connection with Unit 9 was in effect under the laws of any state 
as of October 24, 1992 or at any time thereafter. The Applicant 
further states that copies of the application were served upon 
the Securities and Exchange Commission, the District of Columbia 
Public Service Commission, and the Maryland Public Service 
Commission. 
Comment date: October 14, 1994, in accordance with Standard Paragraph E at the end of this notice. The Commission will
limit its consideration of comments to those that concern the adequacy or accuracy of the application. 


9. Netherlands Generating Trust II


[Docket No. EG94101000]



On September 22, 1994, Netherlands Generating Trust II, 
c/o Wilmington Trust Company, Rodney Square North, 1100 North 
Market Square, Wilmington, Delaware, 198900004, filed with the 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission an application for 
determination of exempt wholesale generator status pursuant to 
Part 365 of the Commission's regulations. 

 



