 

37. 

Regulation: 

24 CFR 811.107(a)(2), 811.107(b), 811.108(a)(1), 811.108(a)(3), 811.114(b)(3), 811.114(d), and 811.115(b).



Project/Activity: 

Morristown, Tennessee HDC refunding of bonds which financed a section 8 assisted project, McGhee Square Apartments.



Nature of Requirements: 

The Regulations set conditions under which HUD may grant a section 11(b) letter of exemption of multifamily housing
revenue bonds from Federal income taxation and authorize call of debentures prior to maturity. 



Granted By: 

Nicolas P. Retsinas, Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner.



Date Granted: 

August 11, 1993.



Reasons Waived: 

The part 811 regulations cited above were intended for original bond financing transactions and do not fit the terms
of refunding transactions. This refunding proposal was approved by HUD on July 15, 1993. Refunding bonds have been
priced to an average yield of 5.94%. The tax-exempt refunding bond issue of $2,700,000 at current low-interest rates
will save section 8 subsidy. The Treasury also gains long-term tax revenue benefits through replacement of outstanding
tax-exempt coupons of 11.24% at the call date in 1993 with tax-exempt bonds yielding 5.94%. The refunding will also
substantially reduce the FHA mortgage interest rate at expiration of the HAP contract, from 11.49% to 5.02%, thus
reducing FHA mortgage insurance risk. The refunding serves the important public purposes of reducing HUD's section
8 program costs, improving Treasury tax revenues, (helping reduce the budget deficit), and increasing the likelihood
that projects will continue to provide housing for lower-income families after subsidies expire, a priority HUD
objective.




38. 

Regulation: 

24 CFR 811.107(a)(2), 811.107(b), 811.108(a)(1), 811.108(a)(3), 811.114(b)(3), 811.114(d), and 811.115(b).



Project/Activity: 

Greater Arkansas, Marianna, Arkansas HAC refunding of bonds which financed a section 8 assisted project Hickey Apartments.



Nature of Requirement: 

The Regulations set conditions under which HUD may grant a section 11(b) letter of exemption of multifamily housing
revenue bonds from Federal income taxation and authorize call of debentures prior to maturity.



Granted By: 

Nicolas P. Retsinas, Assistant Secretary for Housing_Federal Housing Commissioner.



Date Granted: 

August 20, 1993.



Reasons Waived: 

The Part 811 regulations cited above were intended for original bond financing transactions and do not fit the terms
of refunding transactions. This refunding proposal was approved by HUD on July 6, 1993. Refunding bonds have been
priced to an average yield of 5.95%. The tax-exempt refunding bond issue of $1,425,000 at current low-interest rates
will save section 8 subsidy. The Treasury also gains long-term tax revenue benefits through replacement of outstanding
tax-exempt coupons of 11.14% at the call date in 1993 with tax-exempt bonds yielding 5.95%. The refunding will also
substantially reduce the FHA mortgage interest rate at expiration of the HAP contract, from 12.00% to 5.32%, thus
reducing FHA mortgage insurance risk. The refunding serves the important public purposes of reducing HUD's section
8 program costs, improving Treasury tax revenues, (helping reduce the budget deficit), and increasing the likelihood
that projects will continue to provide housing for lower-income families after subsidies expire, a priority HUD
objective.


