FT  16 APR 91 / Commodities and Agriculture: NFU outlines proposals for
reforming CAP
THE UK'S National Farmers' Union, which has consistently opposed the
European Commission's plans for reforming the Common Agricultural Policy,
yesterday outlined its own proposals.
The basis of the NFU plan follows the lines of the US programme, allowing
individual farmers to make the choice between supported prices and
production controls, or no support and no control.
For cereals, current price support mechanisms would be maintained, but only
under an annual set-aside programme. 'Those farmers who did not wish to
reduce their own production would be required to pay a levy, probably on a
hectare basis and related to regional yields,' the NFU proposes in a paper
which has been presented to Copa, the Brussels-based lobby for European
farmers' unions.
Individual farmers could also choose to reduce production by
extensification, nitrogen reduction or by contracting to supply grain for
non-food uses.
The oilseed sector could use the same system, the NFU suggests. Beef and
sheep premiums could be related to stocking density in such a way that
farmers who wished to obtain support could be obliged to reduce their
output.
Mr David Naish, president of the NFU, said yesterday continuing indecision
on the CAP was 'extremely damaging'. It was important for Copa to come up
with firm proposals on CAP reform, otherwise the proposals of Mr Ray
MacSharry, the EC agriculture commissioner, would be taken up by default.
The MacSharry proposals envisage curbing support for large farms and
targetting help at smaller farms.
