FT  01 MAY 91 / The Lex Column: Mirror Group
Investors who cannot be bothered to wade through the MGN prospectus can
always make a simple comparison with United Newspapers. MGN's 7 per cent
yield and p/e of 10 hardly look generous beside United's 7.9 per cent yield
and p/e of 12, especially when you bear in mind that shareholders in Mr
Maxwell's latest public company will be in a minority.
Nevertheless, the prospectus does contain some odd nuggets. There is a
mysteriously low 1990 charge of Pounds 4.1m for operating lease rentals,
down from Pounds 10m the previous year. Given that this year the lease on
group headquarters alone will cost Pounds 7m, the overall charge seems bound
to rise, eating into operating profits. The profit and loss account is
boosted by an Pounds 8.5m pension credit which, although likely to be
repeated for a few years, is a non-cash item. A simple adjustment for these
two figures gives a much lower attributable profit. Earnings per share could
be re-stated at less than 10p, against 12.5p, pushing the rating to a heady
13 times earnings.
But perhaps this is to be too pedantic. After all, there are other
questions, such as whether planned group capital expenditure will offset the
potential tax liability arising from the group's treatment of accelerated
capital allowances and timing differences. Or whether associated companies,
particularly Donohue in Canada, can repeat their Pounds 16m contribution to
profits. Or whether the low interest charge of Pounds 60m on year-end debt
of Pounds 558m is sustainable. Perhaps investors will conclude that the
precise rating on which the shares are floated is of no great importance
after all.
