FT  08 MAY 91 / UK News (Employment): Engineering trainees fall by 30% in
south-east
ENGINEERING companies in the south-east are taking on 30 per cent fewer
trainees than they did last year because of the recession, according to a
survey of 126 companies by the Engineering Employers London Association.
Electronics companies have suffered particularly badly, with a fall of more
than 50 per cent in the number of apprentice technicians being taken on, the
survey found.
Mr Brian Young, the association's assistant director, said the figures were
worrying in view of forecasts of growing skills shortages in the sector.
Mr Young said: 'We are disappointed that the numbers being recruited show a
significant reduction compared to last year's, which in turn showed a major
reduction on the year before.'
The industry's response to recession was similar to that taken in the late
1970s. 'But is it good planning to take the same course of action?' Mr Young
added.
However, companies appeared to be more optimistic about longer-term
prospects: there was a nearly 40 per cent increase in students on
sponsorship schemes at universities and polytechnics. Members of the
National Union of Journalists employed by Haymarket Publishing yesterday
began a two-day strike over the company's ending of collective bargaining on
pay and conditions and the introduction of personal contracts. The strike
was aimed to disrupt publication of business journals such as Campaign and
Marketing.
Mr Martin Hover, Haymarket's group personnel director, said the company
would continue to recognise the NUJ on issues such as health and safety and
matters relating to the grievance procedure. There had been some disruption
to publications because of the bank holiday, he said, but all the magazines
would appear.
Balloting on industrial action over personal contracts is also being
conducted among NUJ members at two other publishers, IPC and Marshall
Cavendish.
