FT  23 APR 91 / UK News (Employment): Breakaway members may win TUC
affiliation
THE TRADES Union Congress is set to agree to the affiliation of the
breakaway Electrical and Plumbing Industries Union at a meeting of the TUC's
council tomorrow.
The move does not mean that the door is closed to the readmittance of the
EETPU electricians' union, the TUC said yesterday.
The EPIU, which has about 4,000 members, was formed by disaffected members
of the EETPU after that union's expulsion from the TUC in 1988. The
expulsion followed a recruitment row involving two single-union deals. The
TUC finance and general purposes committee yesterday put forward a
recommendation to the council that the EPIU should be allowed to affiliate.
The union was given observer status at the 1989 TUC congress, but was
refused full membership. The AEU engineering union argued then that the EPIU
was dependent on other unions, had no funds of its own or recognition deals
with employers and therefore could not be counted as an independent union.
Mr Gavin Laird, AEU general secretary, said from his union's annual
conference in Eastbourne yesterday: 'The wisdom of the F and GP decision is
questionable. However, this reinforces the case for the EETPU amalgamating
with the AEU.'
The TUC said that the EPIU was considered now to be self-sufficient and no
longer dependent on other unions.
A decision on the union's standing is also expected soon from the
government's certification officer.
