FT  07 MAY 91 / CBI survey reveals European disunity over cost of living
AS EUROPE prepares for a single European market in 1992, a study of living
costs in the Community finds some startling discrepancies, writes Neil
Buckley.
West European Living Costs, published yesterday by the Confederation of
British Industry, compared the cost of everything from a hair cut to renting
office space in 16 European countries. While the CBI warns its figures are
only a rough guide, the results are revealing. In 1990, for example, the
managing director of a medium-sized company in Switzerland would have earned
the equivalent of Pounds 112,900 gross at present exchange rates. In Britain
he would have made Pounds 56,815, and in Portugal as little as Pounds
16,570.
A sales manager with a similar-sized company would, however, be best
rewarded in the Netherlands, earning Pounds 75,000 last year, compared with
an average of Pounds 29,610 in Britain. Portugal is bottom of the league
again with Pounds 10,890.
Even the highest earners would probably prefer not to have to rent
accommodation in Italy, where a three-bedroom unfurnished flat in a good
area can cost more than Pounds 1,800 a month. This is more expensive than a
furnished flat in central London, at between Pounds 866 and Pounds 1,625 a
month.
At the other end of the scale, the Greeks pay an average of Pounds 380 a
month.
Italy also tops the house price league, with the cost of a three- or
four-bedroom house weighing in at Pounds 688,000, three times the price of a
similar house in outer London and eight times Norway's average of Pounds
86,960.
West European Living Costs. CBI Publications Sales, 103 New Oxford Street,
London WC1A 1DU. Pounds 30.
