FT  16 APR 92 / People: de Carmoy turns his hand to rent-collecting
Having tried his hand at running an American and British bank and Belgium's
biggest holding company, Herve de Carmoy, the globe-trotting French banker,
has moved into the property business. He has been appointed non-executive
deputy chairman of the privately-owned Gross Hill Properties, which is
believed to be Britain's biggest investor in freehold residential ground
rents.
Michael Gross, who set up the company in 1983 in partnership with Hill
Samuel Bank, says that the 55-year-old de Carmoy has been a close friend for
20 years. De Carmoy began his banking career with Chase Manhattan in the
early 1960s and rose to become its general manager for Western Europe. It
was during this period that Gross came to know de Carmoy through business
deals he did with Chase.
This latest appointment comes a fortnight after Gross bought out Hill
Samuel's stake in his company. De Carmoy has also been appointed
non-executive deputy chairman of Sydney &amp; London Properties, a joint venture
between FAI Insurance Group of Australia and Gross Hill, established in
1987. It invests in commercial properties and has gross assets of around
Pounds 100m.
The arrival of de Carmoy on the board of Gross Hill and its associate should
enhance the credibility of this little known property operation at a time
when the property industry is going through a particularly difficult period.
Having made his mark first at Chase Manhattan and then at Midland Bank,
where he was head of international banking, de Carmoy went on to become
chief executive of Societe Generale de Belgique in 1988. However, since he
stepped down from this last post he has kept a low profile, although he does
sit on the business advisory board of the European Bank for Reconstruction
and Development headed by fellow Frenchman Jacques Attali.
