FT  28 NOV 92 / The Lex Column: Cycling ahead
There is an undeniably firm tone to London equities at the moment, even if
the market waited for Wall Street yesterday before going on to conquer
another FT-SE closing peak. The conviction is growing that, even if recovery
comes slowly, 1994 will be a period of strong UK corporate earnings growth;
next year, as a consequence, may not be the time for sitting on the
sidelines.
A curious feature, though, is investor uncertainty about what companies to
be buying. In the wake of sterling's depreciation overseas earners were an
obvious target. But there remains a distinct ambivalence about the relative
merits of defensive and cyclical stocks. Part of the problem is probably
semantics, with the likes of Reuters, Cable and Wireless and BT these days
defying easy categorisation. Investors are also likely to be wary of
cyclicals, which have flattered at least twice in the last couple of years
only to deceive. More pertinently, though, many of the companies which
benefited at this stage of previous cycles may not prosper to the same
extent this time round. Building materials producers and others dependent on
the traumatised property market are one category; hotels and leisure groups
dependent on the unlikely return of high-spending consumers form another.
Conversely, the market may look more favourably on sectors like paper and
packaging, transport, speciality chemicals and even engineering.
The durability of the current rally in equities, meanwhile, will to some
extent rest on where long gilt yields settle. That, though, is a problem for
next year's second half.
