FT  27 NOV 92 / World Trade News: Dunkel is reminded of Far East farm lobby
WITH French opposition to farm trade reform already clouding the relaunched
Uruguay round of global trade negotiations, Japan and South Korea yesterday
served notice that they will oppose plans obliging them to open their closed
rice markets.
Speaking at a meeting of the top-level Trade Negotiations Committee (TNC),
which agreed to work for a 'political' conclusion of the six-year-old round
by the end of the year, Mr Minoru Endo, Japan's chief negotiator, said
Tokyo's 'difficulties' with draft farm trade proposals 'must be resolved
appropriately'. Japan and South Korea have consistently opposed proposals in
the Uruguay Round's draft package of rules or 'final act' that would require
all agricultural import barriers to be converted into tariffs and reduced
over time.
However, Mr Arthur Dunkel, director-general of the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade (Gatt) and TNC chairman, yesterday played down the risk to
the round posed by Tokyo and Seoul. 'Perhaps they are reminding public
opinion that they are fighting,' he said at a news conference.
He added that, as far as France was concerned, the EC negotiated as a unity
in Gatt. He had no reason to think French objections to the emerging farm
trade accord would upset the timetable for concluding the round.
Mr Dunkel said the US-EC deal struck last week would entail 'some minor
changes' in the agricultural section of the draft 'final act' presented last
December, but the basic structure and objectives had not been put in
question.
In his remarks to yesterday's TNC, Mr Dunkel appealed for 'discipline and
self-restraint' by all participants in going over the draft 'final act' for
the last time in the coming weeks and said any changes must be made by
consensus.
Trade officials hope to complete country schedules on tariff reductions and
services liberalisation early in 1993, to catch the March deadline for
submitting the pact to the US Congress.
