FT  04 SEP 92 / The Lex Column: Williams Holdings
Having turned its back on hostile takeovers following last year's failed bid
for Racal, Williams is now earnestly proclaiming the attractions of debt
finance. Sceptics will argue that Messrs Rudd and McGowan are making a
virtue out of necessity. The shares are trading at a 15 per cent price
earnings discount to the market, hardly a position of strength. Whatever the
reasoning, the new approach struck a chord with the market. Yesterday's 7
per cent rise in the share price was underpinned by relief that a
respectable set of interim figures was not blemished by an equity-financed
acquisition.
What the future holds for a conglomerate restricted to friendly, debt-funded
acquisitions is another matter. Williams' diversity may leave it less
exposed to the dangers of debt finance in a downturn than some other
companies, but the market will want to see gearing and interest cover
maintained at prudent levels. If the interest bill is to be covered, say,
six times by earnings, around Pounds 200m additional debt could be raised to
fund acquisitions. This hardly leaves Williams hamstrung, but it would seem
to rule out a big move.
On the evidence of yesterday's 6 per cent fall in interim pre-tax profits
Williams may yet enhance its reputation for tight management. In most areas
margins continued to improve, and the building products side in particular
is showing remarkable resilience to recession. Without the distraction of
failed bids or controversial accounting policies, such strengths may be
better reflected in the share price. Yet old takeover habits die hard: the
market may well be reluctant for now to put the shares on an above average
rating again.
