FT  04 JAN 92 / Briefcase, Q&amp;A: Non-resident problems
I HAVE been resident abroad (in Zambia) for the past 36 years during which
time I have classed as non-resident and not ordinarily resident for UK tax
purposes. I have no connection with the UK apart from immediate family
(mother and brother) a bank balance and some investment trust shares. I do
not intend to return to the UK as a permanent resident. I expect to retire
in Zambia where I have resident status. I am concerned about my position
with regard to domicile, particularly with regard to inheritance tax. Would
I be correct in assuming non-domicile status after all this time or will I
have to obtain a ruling from the UK tax authorities? If so how do I go about
this? Also, under the terms of my mother's will I am due to inherit her
house on her death. If I kept this house for holiday purposes would it
effect my non-domicile status?
It would appear that you have acquired a domicile of choice in Zambia. If
you do not change your present intention that domicile will remain. The
Inland Revenue will not be prepared to rule on this at a stage when there is
no claim which raises the question of your domicile as an issue. Your use of
a house in England for holiday purposes should not affect the position, so
long as your use of it does not reflect a more permanent approach to your
visits to the UK.
No legal responsibility can be accepted by the Financial Times for the
answers given in these columns. All inquiries will be answered by post as
soon as possible.
