FT  14 MAY 92 / UK Company News: Avon Rubber motors ahead 15% to Pounds 4m
HIGHER PRICES and a shift in the sourcing policies of vehicle manufacturers
is benefiting Avon Rubber, the components and tyre manufacturer which
yesterday revealed a 15 per cent increase in interim profits from Pounds
3.58m to Pounds 4.1m.
Mr Tony Mitchard, chief executive, said manufacturers were focusing on
longer-term relationships with fewer suppliers. This, and other factors, had
helped Avon increase profitability in every division except industrial
polymers, which suffered a sharp drop in sales following the end of
hostilities in the Middle East.
However, the pre-tax line was also buoyed by a fall in interest charges from
Pounds 2.51m to Pounds 1.91m. Turnover rose by less than 1 per cent to
Pounds 115m (Pounds 114m) for the six months to March 28. The dividend is
maintained at 5p, payable from earnings 31 per cent higher at 11.1p (8.5p).
Mr Mitchard said the second half was likely to show further improvement. The
benefits of last year's Pounds 5.8m charge for reorganisation were coming
through and sales were also showing signs of life in the UK and France.
Meanwhile, a decline in defence-related sales hit profits at the industrial
polymers division. The operating return plunged 52 per cent to Pounds 2.6m
on sales 19 per cent lower at Pounds 44.7m. The tyre business - which
focuses on high performance products for the racing industry - more than
doubled profits to Pounds 1.8m, helped by higher prices.
COMMENT
Few had expected that Avon could improve on the windfalls from last year's
hostilities in the Middle East. The trick was in bringing debt and interest
payments down, offsetting higher depreciation charges. The future looks
encouraging for Avon, which is spending more than ever - some Pounds 15.5m -
on capital expenditure. Also, rationalisation measures promise significant
benefits until 1994. All that aside, yesterday's sharp rise in the share
price appears to have taken the flavour out of the stock for the moment. The
shares closed 24p up at 459p, and look up with events on profit forecasts of
Pounds 8.5m for 1992. The prospective p/e of 16 times appears expensive in
the short term, but the shares are still a long way from the peak of 859p
achieved in 1987.
