FT  14 MAY 92 / The Lex Column: BICC
At least BICC appears to have lined up a couple of acquisitions and can
hardly be accused of raising expectations of imminent recovery. That said,
the enthusiastic response to yesterday's Pounds 154m rights issue brings to
mind the market's prematurely positive reaction to all those cash calls in
the contracting sector exactly a year ago. The rest is history.
Investors are doubtless relieved by the impact on the balance sheet,
although a 9 per cent yield on the new money emphasises the cost of cutting
gearing in this way. That, of course, is not how the company sees it. BICC
continues to insist on its convertible capital bonds being treated as
equity, brushing aside those who were gloomily predicting year-end gearing
including the off-balance sheet debt of close to 100 per cent. On the other
hand, if there is not an unspoken fear that the Accounting Standards Board
will soon put a different gloss on the in-house calculations, one is
entitled to ask why the company really thinks the cash call was necessary in
the first place.
The case against the shares, though, rests more on doubts about whether the
dividend can be raised fast enough hereafter to justify the 7.6 per cent
yield on yesterday's ex-rights price. It is not just that dividend cover of
two times still looks to be some way off. The question is whether the
company can afford to be generous given the continuing cash demands from its
property business. At 356p, moreover, the shares are already discounting a
good part of the upturn.
