FT  08 OCT 92 / CBI report says multinational employers seeking to encourage
'expatriate' European workers to accept local pay packages
MULTINATIONAL employers are increasingly seeking to encourage 'expatriate'
European workers to accept local pay packages, according to a report
published by the Confederation of British Industry, Lisa Wood writes.
Employers are finding it easier to do this because pay is converging more
across borders, says the report. It is based on a survey by the CBI's
employee relocation unit and William M. Mercer Fraser, employee benefits
consultants. The report says that traditionally expatriate remuneration
systems were designed to provide incentives to employees to accept
assignments away from home and to compensate them for any additional costs
incurred in relocation.
Attitudes are said to be changing for several reasons, not least because in
western Europe the movement of people is becoming more widely accepted. Many
employers want to create a more homogeneous workforce and believe they have
to develop plans to phase out differentials in pay packages between
employees transferred from one location to another - expatriates - and local
staff.
The report says, however, that implementation of a true host-based system
for all employees is not realistic in the immediate future. There are, for
example, too many external factors hindering progress in the near future
over which the professionals have no control, such as the portability of
pensions.
