FT  23 MAY 92 / Economic Diary
TODAY: Start of two-day meeting of the European Community general affairs
council in Lisbon.
TOMORROW: Start of two-day meeting of the European Community agriculture
council in Curia. Sudan's militant Islamic government and rebels fighting
for autonomy in the Christian south of the country meet for peace talks in
Abuja, Nigeria. First citywide council elections in Berlin since 1946.
MONDAY: Mr John Major, prime minister, visits Poland (until May 26). South
African democracy talks are expected to resume.
TUESDAY: Central Statistical office publishes balance of payments current
account and overseas trade figures (April). European Community environment
ministers meet in Brussels. Mr Major visits Czechoslovakia (until May 28).
Mr Douglas Hurd, foreign secretary, starts visit to Mexico to promote trade
ties (until May 29). Arkansas, Kentucky and Idaho primaries in the US.
National Association of Head Teachers annual conference in Bournemouth
(until Friday).
WEDNESDAY: Building Societies Association issues monthly figures (April).
The Department of the Environment gives figures for new construction orders
(March - provisional). US durable goods (April). Final results from the Body
Shop.
THURSDAY: Energy trends (March) from the Department of Energy. Statistics
for new vehicle registrations (April) issued by the Department of Transport.
US jobless claims; import/export price indices (April). Start of two-day
meeting between the European Community and Latin American countries in
Santigo de Chile. Half-day general strike in Spain. Final results from North
West Water, Scottish Power and Thorn EMI. BAT Industries annual general
meeting.
FRIDAY: Central Statistical Office publishes figures for sales and orders at
current and constant prices (March). US real gross domestic product
(preliminary release - first quarter); agricultural prices, mid-May.
