FT  18 JUN 92 / Maastricht: Britain wants the WEU to be given real military
capacity
BRITAIN called yesterday for the nine-nation Western European Union to be
given a genuine military capacity, in line with last year's Maastricht
agreement that the WEU should be the vehicle for developing European
defence.
Mr Malcolm Rifkind, UK defence secretary, says in an article before
tomorrow's meeting of WEU foreign and defence ministers that all members
should make available a wide range of their Nato and national assets for use
by the WEU. Such an approach had the advantage of avoiding the creation of
separate standing forces, which no member state could afford.
It also meant that the WEU would have a variety of forces to deal with a
variety of possible needs, from humanitarian to peace-keeping work.
Moreover, it would help to ensure that what was done in the WEU enhanced and
did not duplicate what was done in Nato.
The WEU needed, in particular, to identify which forces would be available
for use by the organisation. Britain had suggested that European
multinational formations such as the plan for a joint
Dutch-Belgian-German-British Nato division, or the UK/Netherlands Amphibious
Force, or the Franco-German corps, could be put at the disposal of the WEU.
However, in a thinly disguised reference to the Franco-German corps, Mr
Rifkind warned that there could be no question of a European country or
countries having permanent command of WEU forces. 'As in other areas of
European construction, we will have to share command and headquarters
roles.'
