FT  12 SEP 92 / The Lex Column: Nestle
It is difficult to read too much for the future into Nestle's interim
results. Perrier will only be consolidated from the current half onwards,
and the remainder of 1992 is beset with uncertainties over exchange rates.
Nestle derives about a quarter of its sales from the US and a sizeable
additional chunk from countries whose currencies are in some way
dollar-linked. So exchange rate movements will inevitably trim sharply the
16.5 per cent growth in earnings per share achieved in the first half.
That said, Nestle has certainly turned in an impressive performance both on
volumes - up over 4 per cent excluding Brazil - and on operating margins
which have risen from 9.1 to 9.8 per cent. That North America was
particularly strong is some consolation for the weak dollar. More generally,
Nestle appears to be reaping the benefits from its recent restructuring. As
for Perrier, earnings dilution this year should be minimal. Next year it
could start making a positive contribution, given the scope for margin
improvement.
Even at present dollar levels, it is hard to see Nestle's earnings growth
slowing to less than 8 per cent. In that case it should easily outstrip
Unilever, although such a comparison must include all the usual caveats
about accounting differences. The share price is still doubtless distorted
by the share split which has finally brought the paper within reach of
retail investors. None the less, at yesterday's close of SFr952, the bearer
shares do not look expensive.
