FT  09 MAR 92 / FT Satellite Monitor: Cricket helps to boost dish
installations
GRAHAM GOOCH and the England cricket team have boosted the sales of
satellite television dishes, according to the latest FT Satellite Monitor.
Sales of new dishes were 78,000 last month, compared with 41,000 in the same
month last year.
Mr John Clemens, chairman of Continental Research which produces the
Monitor, attributes at least part of the growth to the fact that Sky Sport
bought the exclusive rights to the cricket world cup. Sky Sport is one of
the six channels broadcast by British Sky Broadcasting, the satellite
television network in which Pearson, publisher of the Financial Times has a
stake.
Mr Clemens said yesterday: 'Ever since England beat India in the first match
on February 22, installation has grown dramatically.' In the first two weeks
of February new rentals and sales of dishes were 15,000 a week. By the last
week of the month the figure had risen to 26,000.
The availability of cricket increased dish sales among the over-45s and the
AB social group of managers and professionals - groups which were less
likely in the past to install satellite television.
The 78,000 installations last month brings the total of satellite dishes in
Britain to 2.27m, or 10 per cent of all homes. A further 266,000 say they
will definitely get a satellite dish and a further 1.77m say they probably
will.
In the first week of the cricket, Sky Sport was the most used satellite
channel by men, with a 7 per cent share of the audience in satellite homes.
Satellite television is achieving a 26 per cent share of viewing in homes
where it is available, compared with the total for the BBC of 29.7 per cent.
