FT  03 JAN 92 / The Lex Column: Currencies
The Jeremiahs who had expected 1992 to start with a good old-fashioned run
on sterling were disappointed yesterday. Perhaps the reason was in part that
many dealers will not return to their desks till next week; but there are
also now some factors restraining the D-Mark. Russian price reform has
underlined the economic crisis in the former Soviet Union, while Japan looks
likely to talk the yen up in order to alleviate trade friction with the US.
The short-term pull of high German interest rates appears less attractive as
the economic prospects of that country deteriorate. That may in turn dampen
the trend towards polarisation of currencies within the European exchange
rate mechanism.
All that could produce a respite for sterling, especially if the dollar
manages a pause on its long downward decline. Yet the UK currency is not out
of the woods as long as the interest differential with Germany is only 0.75
percentage points. It may have been easy yesterday for the governor of the
Bank of England to dismiss any immediate threat of higher rates, but the
money market is still discounting an increase of nearly 0.5 percentage
points even if three-month money is a shade cheaper than it was before the
new year. That is not a situation which can last indefinitely. The
authorities could still face some awkward decisions in the weeks to come.
After their emphatic determination to defend sterling with higher rates if
necessary, it would be all the harder for them to duck a challenge from the
exchange markets.
