FT  26 NOV 92 / The Lex Column: The Kwik step
The alarming aspect of Kwik Save's results is the way the percentage
increases get smaller as you move down the profit and loss account. Sales
may be up by a third, but the rise in operating profit is 14.8 per cent and
earnings per share have only grown by 8.9 per cent. While a change in sales
mix and capital investment may be partly responsible, the figures bear the
scars of aggressive competition.
Kwik Save's strategy is to eat into the soft middle ground of food retailing
occupied by Gateway, Asda, and the Co-op, while also pricing keenly to hold
off Aldi and Netto. Unfortunately for shareholders, that raises questions.
Kwik Save has a strong balance sheet and its management is clearly superior
to most others in its sights. But earnings growth may slow if other chains
fighting for survival compete fiercely on price. If the recession ever ends,
Kwik Save may also be squeezed by consumers aspiring to superstore status.
The privately owned foreign discounters might also choose to run losses to
establish a presence in the UK market. Barriers to entry in this area are
low.
It would be wrong to get too gloomy, however. The threat is largely
discounted in Kwik Save's price and the company's advantages mean it will be
a survivor. Much of that strength derives from the efforts of the Keswick
clan, who acquired board representation and an influential stake when Kwik
Save had lost its way. That point will not be lost on shareholders in
Trafalgar House.
