FT  31 JUL 92 / The Lex Column: Midland Bank
Midland's figures are of less immediate interest to the stock market now it
is part of the Hongkong Bank group. But as the first of the interims from
the big four clearers, they shed some light on the sector as a whole. HSBC
investors also have a particular interest in Midland's long-term recovery
prospects; the group will need a steady flow of UK profits if dividends are
to be paid without incurring a large bill for unrelieved ACT. Yesterday's
results offer little encouragement on either score.
Bad debt provisions fell by 5 per cent on last year's second half, but the
drop was largely due to the personal sector. Things have not improved on the
corporate front and management is outspoken in its gloom about the economic
outlook. More worrying still is that operating income fell even faster - at
4 per cent - than the 2 per cent rate at which the bank managed to cut its
costs. Doubtless Midland suffered some loss of business during the recent
bid battle. Yet part of the income problem is generic - witness its
admission that the recession has produced a drop in such a basic service as
money transmission.
Midland's ambition of increasing its share of a stagnating market is natural
in the circumstances, but one wonders where it will lead. It is certainly
not about to embark on a foolhardy lending spree. It aims to win business by
offering improved service without sacrificing margin. In the end, though, it
is bound to come up against other institutions with similar objectives. The
banks have recently shown they can prise mortgage lending business away from
the building societies. Sooner or later they will be at each other's
throats. The battle may not be as gentlemanly as Midland now apparently
believes.
