FT  19 DEC 92 / The Lex Column: UK equities
Dramatic as it seems, yesterday's 50-point rise only brings the FT-SE 100
back roughly to where it was two weeks ago. The technical explanation is
that market-makers had been clearing the decks to absorb stock from
institutions which had been arbitraging the December index future. Since
that contract expired yesterday, the index again represents underlying
perceptions of value. If so, the market is taking a lot of recovery on
trust: witness the way buying has spread to cyclical second-tier stocks,
espec-ially capital goods issues which are under-represented in the main
index.
At another level the market seems simply to be anticipating a new year
rally, but at this rate it will quickly reach levels which brokers have
pencilled in for the end of 1993. Yesterday's M4 money supply figures,
showing a seasonally adjusted Pounds 600m fall in November sterling lending,
arguably point to doubt on the recovery. But the government is in no hurry
to cut interest rates further. Even if it did, the outflow of building
society funds suggests the fall would not be fully passed through to
mortgage rates.
To sustain its advance, the market will need some good news in the new year:
evidence, for example, that retailers really did have a bumper Christmas, or
an early cut in German interest rates. It would be rash to count on either.
Indeed, January might see the Bundesbank delaying rate cuts while the German
economy turns even more decisively down. Those who have been snapping up
cyclical stocks may yet burn their fingers.
