FT  22 JUL 92 / International Capital Markets: Bank's note auction shows Ecu
weakness
THE BANK of England yesterday completed an auction of Ecu500m three-year
Treasury notes, although at far higher interest rates than the last auction
in April.
Around 80 per cent of the notes on offer yesterday were sold at a yield of
10.04 per cent. The highest yield accepted at the first auction of Ecu1bn
notes in January was 8.6 per cent, rising to 8.87 per cent in April.
The results underlined the dramatic reversal in the Ecu bond market since
its peak at the end of last year. Ecu bonds have under-performed the
government bond markets of the countries which make up the Ecu currency
basket.
In December, three-year Ecu bonds were yielding 85 basis points less than
the 'theoretical' basket of underlying government bonds suggested they
should, reflecting the strength of demand for Ecu-denominated securities.
Yesterday, this differential had narrowed to 30 basis points. At the longer
10-year maturity, Ecu bonds now yield more than the theoretical level for
the first time since January 1990.
However, although yields have risen in line with the secondary market,
demand for short-dated Ecu bonds remains buoyant. The Bank of England
yesterday received bids for Ecu1.26bn notes, covering the paper on offer by
2.5 times.
Funds raised from the auction will bolster the government's foreign exchange
reserves, rather than funding the public sector borrowing requirement.
According to the prospectus issued late last year, the next auction is due
October 20. The Bank of England is unlikely to cancel an auction, but it can
reject all the auction bids if it believes the prices offered by investors
are too low.
The Bank believes that issuing Ecu notes still makes sense, and that the
three-year note programme improves the liquidity of the Ecu bond market in
London.
