FT  21 MAY 92 / The Lex Column: A Safeway forward
After yesterday's 25 per cent pre-tax profits increase from Argyll, it seems
safe to conclude that the effect of recession has been to accelerate
polarisation in the food retailing sector. Thanks in part to their
successful rights issues last year, Argyll, Tesco and Sainsbury are now able
effectively to bar rivals from developing competitive superstore chains.
Marks and Spencer is in a category of its own on the high street. The rest
have moved downmarket, where the returns are less attractive, or have simply
gone backwards.
As for the future, Argyll plans to open 25 Safeway superstores this year and
again in 1993. It has Pounds 170m of cash in hand, although the
preponderance of new stores in the more expensive south will push up its
store opening costs and pull down its still impressive 30 per cent return on
investment. Last year it grew faster than the competition. Its margins are
ahead of Tesco's and a mere point below those of Sainsbury. Management is
investing more time in non-Safeway operations, the Presto and Lo-Cost chains
where it believes there is significant room to seize more market share.
Granted, yesterday's figures were not quite as spectacular as Sainsbury's
last week - hence, perhaps, the market's reaction in marking down its shares
by 3 per cent. But there was no mistaking Argyll's confident tone. Given
their recent record, the shares deserve better than a multiple below the
market average.
