FT  18 APR 92 / The Lex Column: Midland
The fact that Midland Bank's shares now languish 9 per cent below the value
of Hongkong Bank's offer suggests that the bid could be in trouble. The 6
per cent rise in Hongkong Bank shares since the terms were announced also
suggests the reason: HSBC's shareholders, like Midland's, think the offer is
cheap.
HSBC has not been helped by Kuwait's decision to sell most of its 10 per
cent stake in the market for only 355p. Other Midland investors clearly also
have doubts about the banking conglomerate that would result from the
merger. With the market unreceptive to large offers of Midland paper,
institutions apparently face an awkward choice. In the absence of a
counter-bid they either have to go along with the HSBC terms or risk
Midland's share price falling back to where it started.
There does not seem to be much that HSBC can do to improve its offer. The
regulators would probably frown on the drain of capital implicit in a cash
offer. Increasing the equity component would provoke a counter-productive
fall in the HSBC price. Offering more loan stock would risk undermining the
reception for what is already an exceptionally large issue of subordinated
bank debt. It looks as though, having painted Midland's management into a
corner, HSBC is trying to do the same to its shareholders. If the bid
failed, though, another suitor such as Lloyds could take HSBC's place
without having to mount a hostile bid. The downside risk of rejection might
not be as great as it first appears.
