FT  29 DEC 92 / The Lex Column: Good behaviour
Whether changes in the method of score-keeping will change company behaviour
is another matter. Since restructuring costs count as direct deduction from
earnings under FRS3, companies might be tempted to delay incurring them. If
the new standard had been in force, 1991 earnings per share across the
market would have been 6 per cent lower. In the media sector, earnings would
have been cut by 45 per cent. One can only hope that companies modify their
accounting practice rather than delay overdue action. That might mean taking
exceptional restructuring costs year-by-year instead of a large one-off
extraordinary provision.
There are some areas where the new rules have already made their mark. ASB
proposals on accounting for capital instruments have stifled the supply of
debt/equity hybrids such as convertible capital bonds. If greater scrutiny
of cash flow statements encourages companies to maintain better standards of
housekeeping even when the economy turns, so much the better. Against that,
there must be a danger that companies are simply led to manipulate cash flow
figures by, say, delaying payments to creditors until after the year-end.
Prof Tweedie has already complained that companies are not entering into the
honest spirit in which his accounting revolution was conceived. All the more
reason for the market to rely on no single measure of performance. The
effort involved in scrutinising the whole picture should be worth the
inconvenience.
