FT  19 JUN 92 / International Capital Markets: Japanese brokers see return
to profits
JAPAN'S leading four brokers reported generally lower profits from their
overseas operations last year, adding to the bruises they suffered on the
Tokyo stock market.
While Nomura Securities was the only one of the quartet to report a
consolidated after-tax profit last year, all four brokers expect a return to
profits this year.
Daiwa Securities, which reported stronger overseas earnings, and Nikko
Securities both managed to report consolidated pre-tax profits. Yamaichi
Securities reported both before and after-tax losses for the year to the end
of March.
Nomura, the largest Japanese broker, said the combined pre-tax profit of its
overseas subsidiaries fell 59.1 per cent to Y8.8bn (Dollars 69.29m), leaving
a group profit of Y46.2bn, down 81.2 per cent. But the company, as it did
for parent profits, predicted a turnround for the coming year, forecasting a
41 per cent increase in consolidated profit to Y65bn.
In explaining its 58.4 per cent increase in the earnings at overseas
subsidiaries, Daiwa said it had done well in US Treasury bonds and in
mortgage-backed securities. But the group was still dominated by the
parent's problems at home and reported an 84 per cent plunge in pre-tax
profit to Y20.3bn.
Nikko reported a 20.5 per cent fall in the earnings of its overseas
subsidiaries and an 89.3 per cent fall in group pre-tax profit to Y8.6bn,
while Yamaichi announced a 4.6 per cent fall in overseas subsidiaries'
profit and a loss of Y30.5bn, against a pre-tax profit of Y71.6bn the
previous year.
Each of the brokers hoped for a revival of the Tokyo market to produce an
upturn in profits this year, but the continuing weakness of the Nikkei
average and low turnover is likely to have left them with worse than
expected results for the first quarter, ending this month.
