FT  09 OCT 92 / The Lex Column: Hong Kong
Beijing's reaction to Mr Patten's proposals for greater democracy is merely
one of several uncertainties overshadowing Hong Kong at the moment. The
bitter dispute over US access to Chinese markets, foot-dragging over Hong
Kong's new airport, and the outcome of the US presidential election are
issues of at least equal importance to stock market investors.
For this reason the next few weeks may well provide a rollercoaster ride
even by the colony's normally exciting standards. The immediate fall-out
from Mr Patten was restricted to a 33 point fall in the Hang Seng - but much
depends on what sort of a rocket he receives when he visits the mainland
later this month. The trade issue comes to a head this weekend. While the
betting must be on a peaceful settlement, shares will be marked sharply
lower if US sanctions are imposed. The reality, if it comes, of a
protectionist President Clinton would be another jolt to local sentiment.
The question is how far investors will set aside short-term concerns and
concentrate on China's long term potential as the engine of Hong Kong's
continued growth. There remains the virtuous combination for equities of
high inflation and cheap money, though as Europeans know such a mixture
cannot last forever. The danger signs will flash when US interest rates
begin to rise. But on the assumption that this is yet some way off, there
could be another leg to the bull market around the turn of the year.
