FT  15 SEP 92 / The Lex Column: Inchcape
In these tough times it is rare to see a company in the car business
increasing profits. True, the 28 per cent rise in Inchcape's interim pre-tax
profits was largely due to the newly-acquired Tozer Kemsley &amp; Millbourn
motor distributor, bought after a rights issue at the turn of the year. Also
the earnings per share rise of 7.4 per cent is not as good as it looks
because the TKM purchase was at a lower earnings multiple than the Inchcape
rights. Sceptics might also point out that distributing cars is likely to
remain a tough business for a while, and not just in the UK. Indeed,
Inchcape's figures clearly show the booming Hong Kong economy has helped
cover for difficulties elsewhere.
That said, the strong management team appears to be absorbing TKM well, and
savings should flow as TKM and existing distributors are rationalised. At
the end of the year the start of production at Toyota's Derby plant should
increase sales through Toyota (GB), even though Inchcape's share of the
joint venture will drop to 49 per cent by 1998 as Toyota takes control.
While these developments will help profits, the market may remain cautious.
The trend for car manufacturers to repossess their valuable distribution
businesses - as Volvo did with Lex - must be worrying. The conundrum for
business services firms, particularly those like Inchcape on a premium
rating, is that as soon as they make a success of contracts, companies are
tempted to do it themselves. That can make it a little hard to shine.
