FT  23 SEP 92 / The Lex Column: Tesco
Tesco's interim results showed it has pulled out the stops to keep profits
moving forward, but the market is unimpressed. Indeed, with sales growth
slowing, Tesco's focus on productivity improvements and staff restructuring
could be a sign of a company on the defensive. Sainsbury and Safeway are
likely to report sales, volume and earnings growth well ahead of Tesco in
the current half.
The intriguing issue remains why Tesco has been hit harder by the recession
than the other two big food retailers. In part this could be because its
customer base is more affected by the downturn than the others, as the
company says. But that may reflect a fundamental weakness in Tesco's
position. Sainsbury has a secure position as the market leader, especially
in the south. It also has a quality image and inspires strong customer
loyalty. In an increasingly competitive market Sainsbury seems likely to
come out on top. Yet in the Midlands Tesco is losing sales to the discount
retailers and has had to respond by offering cheaper lines. By fighting on
two fronts Tesco risks blurring its image and pleasing neither of its
audiences.
While the recession has uncovered the difficulties, recovery will not end
them. Discount food retailing is now an established and growing force.
Returns from new superstore openings will continue to edge lower as the
market saturates. Unless Tesco can get sales moving again, this year's fall
in its rating may endure. The market has a good record of spotting weakness
in the food retailing sector.
