FT  14 JAN 92 / World Stock Markets (America): Bond weakness feeds through
to equity sector
Wall Street
WEAKNESS in the bond markets fed through into equities yesterday, with share
prices edging lower in relatively light trading, writes Patrick Harverson in
New York.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed 13.86 down at 3,185.60. The more
broadly based Standard &amp;Poor's 500 eased 0.76 to 414.34, but the Nasdaq
composite of over-the-counter stocks bucked the wider market trend, rising
1.93 to 617.63. Turnover on the New York SE was modest by recent standards
at 200m shares.
There was little to spark yesterday's selling, save for further increases in
bond rates amid dwindling hopes for another cut in interest rates. The stock
market had shared those hopes, so it was no surprise that equity prices
softened, especially as some investors began taking profits after the big
gains during the turn-of-the-year rally.
Among individual stocks, Citicorp advanced Dollars 1 1/2 to Dollars 12 in
turnover of 6.1m shares after the troubled banking group predicted that it
would report a Dollars 125m loss for the fourth quarter of 1991, and one of
up to Dollars 475m for the full year. The extent of the losses were expected
by Wall Street, and investors took comfort in the bank's prediction that it
would return to profitability in 1992.
Chase Manhattan was also in the earnings picture yesterday, the stock adding
Dollars  3/8 at Dollars 20 1/4 after news of a 30 per cent decline in
fourth-quarter profits to Dollars 135m which left full-year profits at
Dollars 620m. JP Morgan, depressed by profit-taking, shed Dollars 1 1/4 to
Dollars 65 3/4 .
Oil shares bucked the wider market trend, thanks to a rally in crude oil
prices which took them back above Dollars 18 a barrel. Chevron moved up
Dollars 1 7/8 to Dollars 68 1/4 , British Petroleum ADRs Dollars  5/8 to
Dollars 62 1/2 , Exxon Dollars  1/2 to Dollars 59 1/4 and Texaco Dollars 1
3/8 to Dollars 59 1/8 .
Reports that full tests on the safety of silicone breast implants produced
by Dow Corning were delayed for several years, and that tests which were
conducted were inadequate, left Corning Dollars 10 5/8 weaker at Dollars 68
3/8 .
On the American Stock Exchange, Enzo Biochem jumped Dollars 2 1/2 to Dollars
5 3/4 on news that the company's diagnostics unit is introducing eight
products which will help researchers identify and trace the origins of
metastatic cancers.
Leading stocks on the over-the-counter market were mostly firmer, with Amgen
up Dollars 1 at Dollars 76 3/4 , Sun Microsystems Dollars 1 1/8 ahead at
Dollars 32 and Microsoft Dollars 1 7/8 higher at Dollars 127 1/8 . The
exception was MCI Communications, down Dollars 2 1/4 at Dollars 31 1/4 .
Canada
TORONTO stocks took a breather after last week's heavy gains and ended flat
in moderate trade. Dealers said, however, that the market is becoming
increasingly optimistic that recent cuts in US and Canadian interest rates
will be enough to spur a recovery in the economy.
The composite index finished just 1.0 higher at 3,594.4. Declining issues
narrowly led advances by 334 to 293 following a volume of 26.4m shares,
against 44m on Friday.
Rogers Communications said it will issue 13.3m units at CDollars 15.10 a
unit. Each unit is composed of one class 'B' share and half a warrant to
purchase an additional 'B' share for CDollars 17. Rogers 'B' fell CDollars
7/8 to CDollars 13 7/8 , while the 'A' shares slipped CDollars 1 3/8 to
CDollars 14 1/4 .
MDS Health Group 'A' gained CDollars 1 3/4 to CDollars 21 and 'B' CDollars 1
3/8 to CDollars 20 1/2 . Corning said it agreed to buy MDS Health's US
clinical-laboratory business and assets.
