FT  11 DEC 92 / The Lex Column: Target practice
The currency markets were right not to look to the Bundesbank for short-term
comfort yesterday. Next year's money supply target range of 4.5 per cent to
6.5 per cent is a little more generous than this year, but with M3 growth in
the final quarter of 1992 likely to come in between 9 per cent and 10 per
cent, there is little immediate prospect of lower interest rates. The now
familiar litany of worries - the budget, wage pressures and next month's VAT
increase - also means the bank is unlikely to relent much before the end of
the first quarter.
At some stage after that, declining growth may bring the money supply into
line. Then the Bundesbank may be in a position to cut quite sharply. The
D-Mark would weaken and the pressure would be off the ERM. As before, the
problem for the system lies in getting from here to there. The task is
harder now Norway has abandoned its informal link to the Ecu. It could
become harder still if the Edinburgh summit fails to find a way of letting
Denmark off the Maastricht hook.
The European authorities must be hoping Christmas torpor will deter another
bout of speculation. Yesterday's French announcement of a money supply
target broadly in line with that of Germany signals an intention for
monetary policy to converge. That may help. So may yesterday's modest rate
cuts in Belgium and the Netherlands, not to mention Germany's fixed rate
repurchase operation which at least means money market rates will not rise
this year. But it is touch and go, and the new year may see a different
story.
