FT  09 JUL 92 / The Lex Column: Dixons
The story of Dixons in recent years is of endless hope matched by endless
disappointment: not a bad proxy for the retail sector, or perhaps the equity
market as a whole. Over the past three years, pre-tax profits have fallen by
10 per cent and earnings per share by nearly a fifth. Dividend cover has
fallen from 2.5 to 1.6 times. Margins and return on equity have slumped. In
response, the shares have risen by nearly 60 per cent and outperformed the
market by almost half. The latest disappointments are suitably varied. UK
sales, which were strong in the second half and indeed throughout the year,
have faltered since the year-end. The electrical goods market is suffering
from a fresh outbreak of discounting. The US retail business has slumped
further into loss. UK property is being abandoned at a below-the-line cost
of Pounds 26m.
The divisional breakdown of net assets, published for the first time, is
deeply unsettling. The UK retailing assets produce a remarkable return of 60
per cent. But they account for only 31 per cent of the balance sheet total.
The remainder, which is tied up in property and US retailing, made a
collective operating loss last year of Pounds 13m, or something over 5p for
every pound invested. Since UK retailing stocks are seasonally low at the
year-end, the picture is doubtless distorted. But on the face of it, Dixons
offers a familiar pattern of a company branching out from its original
business only to throw its money away.
At yesterday's 214p, the shares are on a historic multiple of 23 and a yield
of 3.7 per cent. In relation to the market as a whole, this is a premium of
50 per cent and a discount of 25 per cent respectively. Buying shares for
recovery is one thing. But in the case of a company whose pre-tax profits
are two-thirds of what they were five years ago, the fashion has perhaps got
slightly out of hand.
