FT  29 APR 92 / Mexico's current account deficit rises to dollars 13.3bn
MEXICO'S current account deficit rose to Dollars 13.3bn (Pounds 7.5bn) last
year, Dollars 2.2bn more than the government's forecast last November and
almost double 1990's deficit of Dollars 7.1bn, writes Damian Fraser in
Mexico City.
However, in its annual report the Bank of Mexico claimed the deficit
attracted its own financing and, because public finances were healthy, was
of no cause for concern. Mexico ran a record surplus of Dollars 20.2bn in
the capital account last year, helping push up reserves to Dollars 17.55bn
at the end of 1991 which, in turn, was Dollars 7.39bn more than at the end
of 1990.
The deficit was fuelled by a rapid increase of imports to Dollars 38.2bn,
22.9 per cent more than in 1990, against stagnant exports. The bank drew
comfort from the performance of non-oil exports, up 15.9 per cent, and
slower growth of consumer imports.
Critics charge that the roughly 9 per cent real appreciation of the peso
against the dollar last year helped trigger the deterioration in the trade
position.
The bank said that foreign investment amounted to an impressive Dollars
12.3bn last year, of which Dollars 7.5bn was portfolio investment and
Dollars 4.8bn direct physical investment. The portfolio investment was
fuelled by successful share offerings in Telmex, the privatised telephone
company, and huge foreign appetite for other blue-chip Mexican equity and
peso denominated debt.
