FT  08 MAY 92 / Observer: Billionaire missionary
Teenage aspirations to be a missionary seemed to be sunk for Stephan
Schmidheiny when his industrialist father press-ganged him into heading the
family asbestos company at the age of 27. But besides making himself a
billionaire over the 17 years since, the shy Swiss entrepreneur has emerged
as a powerful missionary for environmental causes among his fellow business
leaders.
For instance, his was the hand that drafted yesterday's report to go before
the 'Earth Summit' to be staged in Rio next month by the Business Council
for Sustainable Development - a pressure group of 48 big-company chief
executives which Schmidheiny has supported with Dollars 10m of his own cash.
His green concerns were already budding when he began the job in asbestos.
Deciding there was no future in it, he defied paternal advice and pulled
out. Over the intervening years he has built up a diversified international
business empire spanning companies such as Landis &amp; Gyr (air conditioning)
and Leica (optical and scientific instruments), as well as sizeable minority
stakes in SMH (watches, including Swatch) and ABB (power engineering).
Although scarcely a hot gospeller - he has the scholarly appearance to go
with his reputation as a business strategist and philosopher - he has an
incisive speaking style. And he has used it tirelessly in preaching to the
world's business communities his own conviction which forms the message of
the report: that greenery and profits both can and should go hand in hand.
True, it is not a message which always pleases the more fervent brand of
environmentalists - Greenpeace has described his report as 'greenwash'. But
Schmidheiny was prepared for a brickbat or two.
So long as next month's summit brings recognition that private enterprise
has a key role in the cause, he says, that will be an encouraging start.
