FT  07 MAY 92 / International Company News: Christiania Bank seeks NKr2.05bn
capital increase
CHRISTIANIA Bank yesterday disclosed reduced first-quarter losses but warned
it needs NKr2.05bn (Dollars 320m) in fresh state support if it is to meet
new capital adequacy regulations.
The bank, Norway's second biggest, reported a decline in net loss to NKr86m
for the first quarter of 1992 from NKr279m in the same period last year,
helped by lower operating costs, lower credit losses and higher earnings.
Christiania said it had been given assurances by the state-backed Bank
Insurance Fund (BIF) that it will assist the bank in meeting capital
adequacy regulations as defined by the Bank for International Settlements.
The bank said that at the end of March its core capital had fallen to 1.9
per cent of risk-weighted assets, or NKr1.92bn. But the new rules demand
core capital of 4 per cent by the end of the year. Christiania said a fresh
state capital injection would bring core capital up to 4 per cent as of
end-March.
Contributing to Christiania's improved trading performance was a reduction
of credit losses to NKr565m from NKr610m and a NKr56m rise in net interest
income to NKr780m.
Operating costs were cut NKr137m to NKr750m and Christiania said that the
reduction was in line with the bank's goal to cut costs by at least 15 per
cent, according to demands by its owner, the state, in 1992.
Net profits on securities trading were reduced, however, by NKr13m to
NKr205m. The bank said that as a consequence of changes in strategy it had
reduced its short-term equities portfolio since the end of 1992 by NKr269m
to NKr816m.
Christiania warned, however, of considerable risk for future losses and
pointed specifically to the negative development in the shipping industry in
which ship values have fallen considerably along with charter rates since
the start of the year. As a result the bank had increased general loan loss
provisions by NKr150m to NKr2.66bn, the equivalent to 3.4 per cent of the
group underlying loan portfolio.
