FT  18 AUG 92 / The Lex Column: British Aerospace
In retrospect it is now clear that the shrewd Mr Raymond Mould sold his
property company Arlington Securities to British Aerospace close to the top
of the market in July 1989. Yesterday's announcement of his resignation from
the BAe board, however, could surely have been better timed. The most
convincing reason for the departure is that the Arlington chairman faces an
obvious conflict of interest when BAe ultimately decides to sell some or
even all of its property subsidiary in line with its long-term strategic
objectives. Mr Mould, after all, could be a possible buyer.
Given that such a disposal is assumed to be some way off, why did BAe not
wait to tell the world about its board shuffle when it reports interim
figures and is free to explain itself properly next month? The market is
well aware that BAe has suffered a big cash outflow in the first six months
of this year, though the situation is set to improve in the second half. The
market has to take it on trust that Mr Mould's resignation - which removes
one obstacle to a sale - is not a sign that BAe's problems are worse than
supposed.
The truth about the timing may be more prosaic, perhaps related to the
prickly relationship which Mr Mould has had with the BAe board. BAe in any
case presumably wants to see at least some faint signs of recovery in the
property market before putting Arlington on the block, while it has assets
to clear out of the cupboard first. Investors, meanwhile, can draw some
comfort from the fact that BAe was not the only privatised company to pay
through the nose for property expertise: AB Ports and BAA have both had to
make major provisions reflecting optimistic values put on Grosvenor Square
Properties and Linton.
