FT  11 MAY 92 / The Lex Column: Oil sector
Given the problems dogging the oil industry lately, it is worth considering
the wider implications if crude prices stay weak in the long run. After all,
it is conceivable that the higher real prices of the 1970s which made North
Sea development possible were a break in a longer pattern of stability. The
late 1980s in particular may be characterised as a period of over-investment
by oil companies on the false premise that prices would rise again. The flaw
in the logic was that the more companies invested on the basis of higher
prices, the less likely higher prices became.
In theory, sustained low prices might make new investment uneconomic, in
which case companies might have no choice but to shrink. In practice, the
outlook is not quite as bleak as that. Oil at Dollars 18 per barrel probably
does allow an acceptable rate of return on most of the projects actually
being contemplated. It is certainly a more appropriate investment benchmark,
forcing the industry to re-examine its expenditure on new wells or rivals'
assets.
The real problem is not so much cheap oil as the financial legacy of the
late 1980s. Past investments must still be paid for, whether or not they are
making the expected returns. The continuing squeeze on cash flow is
hampering the industry's ability to fund new projects. This dilemma is
particularly acute for the independent exploration companies. Unless they
are lucky enough to find oil cheaply, they have no prospect of raising the
money without which they cannot explore. Nor are their shares yet so cheap
that they represent an affordable investment for other players in the
sector. In that kind of tussle, there seems little reason for the portfolio
investor to get involved.
