FT  17 FEB 92 / UK News (Employment): Rover deal on work changes likely
today
ROVER GROUP is expected to conclude a deal with unions today on radical
changes in working and bargaining practices. They will include the
introduction of single status for all employees and a 'jobs for life'
agreement which commits the company to avoiding compulsory redundancies.
Mr Jack Adams, deputy general secretary of the TGWU general union and the
main union negotiator, said yesterday that there were a few details to be
agreed today. But, after several weeks of plant-level consultations,
agreement was now 'a strong possibility'. The unions have already agreed in
principle to single-table bargaining in which all the blue-collar and
white-collar unions would negotiate together. That eases the way to a single
set of conditions for all workers and probably means that hourly paid
workers would no longer have to clock on.
It would also bring a single-status sick pay scheme and salaried status for
all employees.
Agreement in principle has been reached on setting up machinery to allow
disputes to be referred to binding arbitration if both sides agree to it.
Leaders of manual unions are now expected to accept company flexibility
proposals which originally said that 'full flexibility related to work
procedure and between jobs, areas and all categories of employees will be
the norm'.
Rover's push for change and adoption of some aspects of Japanese-style
industrial relations, have been prompted by increased competition from
Japanese carmakers in the UK.
