FT  13 OCT 92 / Brussels warned on mergers
THE European Commission ought to be more flexible in deciding whether merger
inquiries are handled in Brussels or by national anti-trust authorities,
according to Sir Sydney Lipworth, chairman of the British Monopolies and
Mergers Commission.
Speaking to lawyers at a symposium on EC merger control, Sir Sydney
suggested the clause in the EC merger rules which allows member states to
ask for jurisdiction over certain cases had led to some anomalies and might
have to be rewritten. Sir Leon Brittan, the EC competition commissioner, has
repeatedly stressed that the two-year-old merger regulation is intended to
provide a 'one-stop shop' for cross-border merger inquiries, sparing
companies the need to go to two or three national authorities for approval.
But Sir Sydney said yesterday: 'One should not be totally mesmerised by the
one-stop shop. I think it's very useful, but what is more important is to
get the right result for European and domestic competition.' Only one deal -
involving Tarmac and Steetley, the British building products groups - has
been referred back to a national authority under the clause, which was
included in the rules at Germany's request.
The German authorities have twice asked to examine mergers, on the grounds
that they affected competition on a 'distinct (national) market', but been
refused. Dr Kurt Stockmann of the German Cartel Office said yesterday that
the German authorities were 'not entirely satisfied'.
