FT  10 JUL 92 / The Lex Column: Owning up to Maxwell
Amid the many distasteful examples of buck-passing over the Maxwell affair,
at least somebody has had the guts to stick up a hand. All the same,
official reaction to yesterday's guilty plea by the relevant self-regulatory
organisation, Imro, is rather depressing. Judging by its position paper, the
line of the Securities and Investments Board (SIB) seems to be that the
edifice of UK self-regulation established in the mid-1980s is essentially
sound. Mr Maxwell drove a coach and horses through it this time; but
would-be pension fund plunderers of the future can be stopped by
better-qualified regulators - preferably volunteers from the financial
services industry - and beefed-up admission and monitoring procedures at
Imro and elsewhere.
There are no easy solutions, to be sure. But the decision to retain Imro
suggests the old boy network is alive and well. Imro's credibility and
morale have been seriously damaged, and one wonders who will be willing to
take over as chief executive even at a rate nearly twice that of a
comparable self-regulatory organisation boss. More to the point, there was
already a plausible case for merging Imro into the rather more successful
Securities and Futures Association to create one entity for institutional
investors, just as the two retail investor regulatory organisations are now
being merged into one. Such a solution would have ended the present muddle
which still allows companies to shop around for regulation, besides
dispelling lingering doubts about Imro itself.
As for alternatives to self-regulation, there is no evidence that government
departments can do any better. But the string of recent scandals centring on
London is more damaging than anything else to the UK's continued
pre-eminence in financial services.
