FT  08 FEB 92 / International Company News: Japanese brokers downgraded
MOODY'S Investor Service yesterday downgraded the long-term debt rating of
Japan's four biggest securities houses, Nomura, Daiwa, Nikko and Yamaichi in
response to what it sees as rising pressure on the profits of the four
companies.
The downgrading reflects the US ratings agency's view that the operating
environment for the securities industry will become more difficult as
regulatory change gathers pace.
Moody's said that the financial scandals of last year were likely to
accelerate the pace of financial deregulation, which could increase
competition and reduce profits.
In the case of Nomura, Moody's noted, it could be called upon to assist
affiliates in the brokerage, venture capital, and property business. Daiwa,
it said, would have difficulty reducing the recent increase in its fixed
cost base in spite of the troubles of the industry, and that while financial
deregulation would bring opportunities, these would be costly to exploit.
Nikko and Yamaichi faced similar difficulties. Yamaichi, it said, was
expected to make strategic and structural changes which could result in
charges to earnings. It was heavily dependent on wholesale business which
would be subject to increased competition, while its retail business would
expand only slowly.
Moody's none the less noted that all four companies had adequate liquidity
and a sound capital base. All four companies were expected to retain their
strong positions in the local market and continue to be active
internationally.
Reflecting the pressure on the securities industry, the Securities Dealers
Association of Japan said that employment in the securities industry had
fallen by 2,000 in the past year, to 156,500. Employment in the industry had
expanded rapidly from 110,000 in late 1986.
