FT  08 OCT 92 / The Lex Column: Coal privatisation
The prospect of a stable utility like East Midlands Electricity buying a
stake in British Coal is enough to send a shiver down any shareholder's
spine. Fortunately it seems East Midlands' involvement in the nascent
Democratic Mineworkers consortium will be limited to advice, sympathy, and
perhaps a small equity stake. The employee buy-out team will have to go
elsewhere for most of its funds. The consortium's suggestion that it is
ready to buy the whole of British Coal must be regarded as kite-flying until
the financial backing becomes more substantial and the form of the sale
clearer.
Nonetheless it does focus attention on the risks faced by a buyer. If the
proposed five-year deal between the electricity generators and British Coal
goes ahead, the 20 most efficient pits might be profitable in the private
sector. Assuming that the government bears the cost of closing the 30
remaining collieries, it can expect very little net cash from the sale. The
buyer would be left with a five year contract with the generators - a very
short horizon for a mine operator - and an uncertain future after that.
Even if the government sweetens the deal to make it financially attractive,
it is hard to see a long-term future for the industry. It may face carbon
taxes and further environmental legislation as well as competition from
cheaper, cleaner imports. In cutting its losses, perhaps the Treasury hopes
to make something back on the sale of its remaining stake in National Power
and PowerGen.
