FT  18 JUL 92 / The Lex Column: Building societies
It may be that yesterday's unexpected mortgage rate rise from the Cheltenham
&amp; Gloucester is a one off. But it would be foolish to count on it. The C&amp;G,
after all, is not the genteel provincial institution which its name might
imply. It is the sixth biggest society and a notoriously aggressive bidder
for retail funds.
Comments from Nationwide and the Halifax that they have no immediate plans
to follow suit should therefore be read carefully. Given the dire state of
the housing market - low numbers of transactions, falling prices and an
underlying rise in repossessions - the societies will be loath to choke off
what demand there is. At the same time, however, they are facing fierce
competition for deposits from the new National Savings First Option Bond.
The societies' first-quarter net receipts were just Pounds 266m, against
more than Pounds 2bn in the first three months of 1991. Preliminary
indications are that the second-quarter net intake was even lower than the
first.
The strident allegations of unfair competition now being made, of course,
are nothing new. Similar arguments were rehearsed in the early 1980s when
National Savings was required to make a big contribution to the public
sector deficit. In those days, though, the public sector was moving towards
surplus; notwithstanding the government's aim to balance the books over the
cycle the trend is in the other direction today. Another difference is that
the societies will need to widen their margins to absorb growing bad debts.
Insurance companies have so far picked up most of the tab for the reckless
lending of the late 1980s; as house prices continue to fall and
mortgage-guarantee policies are renegotiated with much tougher conditions
the societies will suffer a bigger share of the pain.
