FT  28 MAY 93 / International Company News: Elf warns of sharp fall in
first-half profits
ELF-Aquitaine, the oil and chemicals group high on the list of companies to
be sold off under the French government's latest privatisation programme,
yesterday warned of a sharp fall in operating profits for the first half of
this year.
Mr Loik Le Floch-Prigent, chairman and chief executive, told a shareholders'
meeting in Paris that, judging by Elf's performance in the first four months
of this year the level of operating profits for the first six months would
be some 25 per cent lower than the FFr7.9bn (Dollars 1.43bn) in the same
period of 1992.
The group was hit last year by declining oil prices, the French franc's
strength against other currencies and the general effects of the economic
slowdown. It suffered a fall in net profits to FFr6.2bn in 1992 from
FFr9.8bn in 1991, on sales of FFr200bn.
Mr Le Floch-Prigent, who had earlier stated that he hoped Elf would return
to net profits growth in 1993, said the group's performance at the start of
the year had been affected by the 'particularly poor' economic environment.
He said Elf had seen a 'continuation of the last months of 1992 in terms of
the level of economic activity, refining margins and petrochemicals.'
However, he did not comment on how these difficulties would affect his aim
of a return to full-year growth.
Elf's oil activities have been affected by the mild winter, which meant that
stocks remained relatively high, depressing prices and refining margins.
Although its exploration business fared well, the chemicals division
suffered from Germany's cuts in health spending and by the franc's continued
strength.
Mr Le Floch-Prigent said Elf was responding to the competitive climate by
pruning expenditure. The level of investment will be reduced by more than 10
per cent in 1993.
