FT  18 OCT 93 / The Lex Column: UK property
When the main reason for believing shares will go up is based on the view
that everyone else believes they will go up, it is probably time to sell.
For that reason, there is room for nervousness about the UK property sector.
By most objective measures, property shares have raced up too far, too fast.
With the FT-A Property sector having risen 2.3 times since Black Wednesday,
property shares should at least linger a while for the underlying
fundamentals of the property market to catch up.
But such caution takes little account of the abandon of fund managers with
asset allocation targets to meet. The short-term yield attractions of both
property shares and direct property is still enticing investors into both
markets, creating a virtuous circle of demand. Property companies have
hardly been slow to exploit the favourable sentiment by tapping shareholders
for some Pounds 1.4bn this year. But even that has seemingly not dampened
the ardour.
Any cuts in interest rates fuelling equities and lowering dividend yields
could lead to another upward spurt in property shares. But for the run to be
sustained much further will depend on prospects for income growth. Although
the rental market may be bottoming out, growth is unlikely to resume before
1995.
In the meantime, property shares will be vulnerable to jolts. A reversal of
interest rate trends would be a nasty surprise. Any concrete proposals from
the government to alter upwards-only rent reviews could also precipitate a
retreat.
