FT  11 SEP 93 / The Lex Column: Gold
The orchestrated drive in the bullion price above Dollars 400 an ounce
neatly extricated Sir James Goldsmith from most of his illiquid stake in
Newmont Mining. Whether anyone else made much money is a more open question.
Worries about an upturn in US inflation in the spring, buying in the Far
East and talk of a shortage in the market as fabrication demand exceeds
mined supply were enough to persuade many investors to suspend their
disbelief. The constant search for the latest fad by US hedge funds was
simply the cherry on the cake of the speculative run.
Presumably that factor is now working hard in reverse as such loose holders
dump the metal. The suspicion also remains that central banks, that other
great negative factor overhanding the market, may have been selling.
France's shortage of foreign exchange as a result of the ERM debacle has
made it the favourite suspect. This is all the more so since the Bank of
France holds an unusually high proportion of its reserves in bullion. The
French government has denied that it is liquidating holdings, but the threat
of sales looms.
Against that, there are still some plus points. With interest rates low the
opportunity cost of holding bullion is reduced. Value buyers may also emerge
now that the price has fallen back. There is still the steady tightening in
the market as fabrication exceeds production. And while inflation is hardly
a threat in industrialised countries, gold may yet provide a useful hedge
for Chinese holders. The easy profits made by Sir James are, however,
yesterday's game.
