FT  26 JAN 93 / Commodities and Agriculture: Growth plan offered to Danish
farming sector
A RESEARCH report for the Danish Ministry of Agriculture has brought a chink
of light to the country's farmers, who are at present sunk in gloom as a
result of the reform of the European Community's common agricultural policy
and the trend of negotiations on the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
The report, by the Institute for Food and Agroindustrial Development,
concludes that over a 20-year period the country should be able to double
the value of production by agriculture and horticulture, the food processing
industries and the agro-industrial sector as a whole from about DKr180bn
(Pounds 19bn) to DKr380bn (1990 prices). It says pig production can be
increased from about 16m a year now to at least 30m; horticultural output by
three or four times; and production value in the food processing industries
by a factor of three or four by raising the level of processing and value
added. the agro-industrial sector.
Denmark's strong tradition as an agricultural exporter means that it already
has exceptionally large world market shares in products such as pigmeat,
dairy products, seeds, mink pelts, fish products and several types of
machinery and food ingredients.
With a co-ordinated effort between the public and private sectors, it can
build on the existing basis to realise a high-growth strategy for the
industry, the report says. The barriers to success identified by the report
are not market limitations, as even a doubling of production value would
only increase Denmark's share of world markets from 3 to 4 per cent, but
domestic structural and institutional factors, especially factors preventing
a satisfactory capital accumulation and investment. This problem can be
solved by institutional and regulative changes, says the report, which
points to a need to increase annual investment in the total agro-industrial
sector from DKr10bn-12bn at present to DKr20bn-30bn by 2010 and in research
and development from DKr2bn-2.5bn to DKr12bn-17bn (1990 prices).
