FT  09 FEB 93 / Observer: Gatwick flyer
So you think buying a railway ticket will get more complicated after British
Rail's privatisation? You should try buying one today from London to Gatwick
Airport.
As things stand, you can choose between two types of train for the journey:
InterCity's non-stop Gatwick Express, taking 30 minutes, or a Network
SouthEast suburban train taking four minutes longer. British Rail charges
exactly the same fare whichever train you choose - Pounds 8.60 for the
one-way journey - so everyone takes the Gatwick Express.
But wait: Pounds 8.60 is much more than you would normally expect to pay for
a 27-mile trip on Network SouthEast. And indeed, on examining the fare
table, you find that the fare from London to Three Bridges, the next station
down the line, is only Pounds 6.70. In other words, British Rail is
artificially bumping up the Network SouthEast fare to Gatwick to protect its
InterCity revenues.
The thrifty solution would clearly be to take a Pounds 6.70 ride on the
Network SouthEast train to Three Bridges and get off a station early, thus
saving Pounds 1.90. BR says this is unlawful, so you would get into trouble
if a ticket inspector caught you. However, the determined cheapskate can
legitimately save 70p by taking a Pounds 6.70 trip to Three Bridges and
booking another ticket there for the Pounds 1.20 trip back up the line to
Gatwick.
All this, of course, will change with privatisation. In all probability, the
Network SouthEast service and Gatwick Express will be operated by competing
franchisees, so this nonsense about fixing the fares will cease and
budget-conscious travellers will swarm to the cheaper service. A pity
really, considering the Gatwick Express is just about BR's only profitable
passenger service. Clearly a case of caveat emptor.
