FT  17 MAR 93 / DTI issues warning after investigating companies
THE DEPARTMENT of Trade and Industry yesterday issued a warning to potential
borrowers to be cautious about banking documents called Prime Bank Notes.
The warning follows a High Court order winding up a company called Funding
Sources International Ltd, made on a petition presented by the DTI's
Companies Investigation Board. The company was registered in Cheltenham but
had been involved in activities connected to PBNs from a private address in
north Devon.
Funding Sources International Ltd is believed to be one of several companies
investigated by the DTI after they told clients of their purported ability
to raise loans, often running into millions of US dollars. Its director, Mr
Howard Curtis, appeared before a magistrates' court in Barnstaple, Devon,
last week charged with having failed between May 20 1992 and May 23 1992 to
file adequate accounts and provide further information under the Companies
Act. Proceedings were adjourned until September 8.
PBNs are purportedly traded as collateral bank documents, against which
loans can be secured. DTI investigators found that Funding Sources
International had been requiring its clients to pay substantial fees in
advance of the purchase of the PBNs. Although advance fees were paid, no
loans were made. The DTI said: 'We urge any potential borrower thinking of
entering into financing arrangements involving PBNs to satisfy themselves
about the legitimacy of all the parties involved and that there is real
substance to any loan offer before parting with any money.'
