FT  26 OCT 93 / The Lex Column: BTR/Hanson
The idea that good housekeeping is all that lies behind BTR's decision to
float off its Graham builders merchants is perhaps a little too pat. BTR has
owned Graham for 10 years, so it has scarcely rushed to the task. In part
that may reflect the retirement of Sir Owen Green, who was attached to
businesses he bought. BTR may also have had an eye to the high stock market
valuations of building materials companies. Then again, while recovery
stocks are selling on high multiples, their earnings are close to the bottom
of the cycle. Significantly, BTR's cash flow was also boosted by recent
warrant issues and the enhanced scrip dividend. The most persuasive argument
for selling Graham now is to help fill the war chest for another
acquisition.
Given its much lower rating, Hanson might consider a similar flotation. A
sale to the stock market would certainly help cut gearing. Even more
fashionably, demerging a highly-rated recovery company might increase
shareholder value. Yet floating off UK businesses would institutionalise
Hanson's advance corporation tax problem. In the US there may still be
residual resentment of Smith Corona's poor performance after Hanson floated
it. That might compel the company to offer attractive terms to get the deal
away, undermining the point of the transaction. Besides, the more recovery
businesses Hanson sold, the less attractive the remainder. Following the
Quantum acquisition, Hanson will probably shed some of its peripheral US
manufacturing businesses to cut borrowings. But trade sales look the most
likely route.
