FT  09 MAR 93 / Theoretical economist appointed to Clinton council of
advisers
MR JOSEPH STIGLITZ, one of the most respected theoretical economists in the
US, is to become the third member of President Bill Clinton's Council of
Economic Advisers.
A professor at Stanford University, Mr Stiglitz, who is 50, has held chairs
at Yale, Oxford and Princeton universities and is an acknowledged master of
the highly abstract mathematical theories that have dominated academic
economics since the second world war.
On the council he is expected to concentrate on microeconomic issues, such
as the regulation of industry and financial markets. His experience will
neatly complement that of his colleagues. Ms Laura Tyson, the chairwoman,
has specialised in trade policy and the economics of high-tech industries.
Mr Alan Blinder, from Princeton University, is a noted macroeconomist, who
will concentrate on topics such as monetary policy and economic forecasting.
Mr Stiglitz's appointment is a hat trick for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology. All three panel members earned doctorates in its economics
department, headed for many years by two of America's leading Keynesian
economists, Nobel laureates Paul Samuelson and Robert Solow. The hallmark of
much MIT research is a sophisticated scepticism about the efficiency of free
markets; much of Mr Stiglitz's work, for example, has focused on markets'
imperfections and limitations.
While leaning to the political left, Mr Clinton's panel has an impressive a
range of expertise and skills. Ms Tyson, while not of Mr Stiglitz's calibre
as a theoretical economist, is proving an adroit advocate of Mr Clinton's
policies on Capitol Hill and on TV talk shows. The council, however, will
have to compete for influence with the new National Economic Council, headed
by Mr Robert Rubin, a former co-chairman of investment bank Goldman Sachs.
