FT  19 FEB 93 / International Company News: Sparebanken reduces its losses
to NKr169m
SPAREBANKEN NOR, Nor-way's biggest savings bank known internationally as
Union Bank of Norway, yesterday announced a significant reduction to NKr169m
(Dollars 24.3m) in pre-tax losses for 1992, from NKr1.03bn a year earlier.
The recovery was due to an increase in net interest income to NKr2.6bn, from
NKr2.5bn, and a rise in operating income to NKr3.7bn from NKr3.3bn. But
losses on loans and guarantees stayed at NKr1.5bn, the same as 1991.
Operating losses, including credit losses, fell to NKr271m last year, from
NKr907m. The bank said it had reduced costs by 12 per cent to NKr2.4bn.
'The substantial work which was undertaken to reduce costs and improve the
bank's operational income yielded results in a difficult market. The bank's
income before losses was significantly improved,' Sparebanken Nor said.
Operating profit, before credit losses and write-offs, more than doubled to
NKr1.3bn, from NKr602m in 1991.
Sparebanken Nor said the domestic economic situation last year was weak and
that bankruptcies had risen to a record level as property prices continued
to fall.
The bank said it would make a loss for 1993 but that this would show another
substantial reduction. Last year, Sparebanken Nor improved its capital
adequacy to 9.2 per cent of risk-weighted assets, from 6 per cent in 1991.
The bank said that the past year had seen reduced demand and tougher
competition.
Alubaf Arab International Bank (AAIB) returned to profit in 1992 after heavy
losses in the previous two years caused by the Gulf crisis, Reuter reports
from Manama. The Bahrain-based offshore bank said net profit was Dollars
512,000, compared with losses of Dollars 27.3m in 1991 and Dollars 64.5m in
1990.
AAIB, now part of the Libyan Arab Foreign Bank group, has used its entire
paid-up capital and reserves to write-off accumulated losses.
