FT  17 FEB 93 / International Company News: Placer Dome benefits from output
increase
PLACER Dome, the Van-couver-based gold producer, more than countered a lower
gold price last year with productivity improvements at its mines in north
America and rising output from low-cost properties in Papua New Guinea and
Chile.
Net earnings from continuing operations were USDollars 111m, or 47 cents a
share, compared to a Dollars 242m loss, or Dollars 1.02 a share, in 1991.
The 1991 loss was due to hefty writedowns totalling Dollars 344m on various
mining assets, notably the Mt Milligan property in British Columbia.
Revenues rose to Dollars 1.09bn from Dollars 1.02bn. Long-term debt was cut
to Dollars 69m at the end of 1992 from Dollars 250m a year earlier. Cash and
short-term investments currently total Dollars 477m.
Placer's share of gold output at its mines totalled 1.95m ounces, up from
1.68m ounces in 1991. Average cash production costs fell by 17 per cent to
Dollars 186 per ounce, offsetting a 7 per cent drop in the average price
received.
Placer has interests in 17 mines in north and south America and Australasia.
The biggest producer last year was its 30 per cent-owned Porgera mine in
Papua New Guines, where Placer's share of the output totalled 445,500 oz at
a cash cost of Dollars 92 an oz. Porgera also accounted for the biggest
increase in output in 1991.
The company announced that Mr Robert Franklin is replacing Mr Fraser Fell as
non-executive chairman.
