FT  11 JAN 93 / The Lex Column: Wall Street
Tension in the Middle East may have been a talking point in currency markets
last week. But the wobble on Wall Street was due more to domestic factors:
renewed worry about the size of the federal deficit and disappointing
unemployment figures. With the signals from the incoming Clinton
administration still confused, it is premature to draw firm policy
conclusions, but the market response has at least underlined how dependent
equities are on a healthy bond market.
The worry is that a weak recovery will force Mr Clinton to focus on fiscal
pump priming rather than on deficit reduction. That would mean additional
supply of Treasury bonds in a market already weighed down by a glut of
corporate and supranational issues. Equities already look fully valued both
in terms of a forward multiple of around 17 and a bond/dividend yield ratio
of 2.6. Any increase in bond rates makes the forward multiple look
expensive. Share prices have to adjust down even if earnings expectations
stay the same.
Robust economic recovery, of course, could cause the Fed to tighten. That
would be a serious challenge for equities. But employment creation looks
weak enough to delay such a move for several months. In any case it would
take a large rate increase to enable money market funds to compete with
equities again. Equities must hope for just enough recovery to keep the bond
market happy.
