FT  13 JAN 93 / Commodities and Agriculture: Depressed oil market resumes
slide
OIL PRICES slid further yesterday amid heavy selling from North Sea
producers. North Sea Brent crude oil for February delivery declined by 45
cents from Dollars 17.55 to Dollars 17.10 a barrel and traders saw little
prospect of any uplifting news in weeks to come.
Much of Norway's crude output is still shut in because of severe storms and
tankers are facing difficulties loading oil in the UK sector of the North
Sea. But these shutdowns have failed to lend any strength to prices while
traders keep their sights fixed on overproduction by the Organisation of
Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Mr Geoff Pyne, oil analyst at UBS Phillips &amp; Drew, expects Opec's January
output to be the same as its December level of over 25m barrels a day. He
estimates that the producers' club will have to cut back by at least 1m b/d
in February to bring oil prices back into line. 'The only thing the market
can hope is that prices drop far enough to frighten Opec into action,' he
said yesterday.
Mr Pyne believes North Sea prices will drop to Dollars 16 a barrel within
weeks.
Prices for Brent crude have lost over Dollars 1 a barrel since the beginning
of the year as even token Opec cuts in production have failed to
materialise. There could be some modest increases in demand towards the end
of the year - of around 1.5 per cent in the US and 1 per cent in Europe.
Added to low levels of demand, stocks of oil products remain high. The
winter has not been cold enough for producers to work off the high stocks
they built in the fourth quarter of last year.
