FT  25 AUG 93 / FT's pioneer in Sweden: Obituary, John Walker
JOHN WALKER, who was the Financial Times correspondent in Stockholm from
1963 to 1974 and continued to contribute to the paper for another eight
years, died in Stockholm on August 11, aged 72.
He had three great enthusiasms in life: the Financial Times, vintage cars,
about which he was an expert, and fishing. In London, where he was a
freelance journalist and worked in public relations before joining the FT,
he was the proud owner of a vintage Bentley, which, however, did not follow
him to Stockholm.
He joined the paper at a time when its foreign coverage was expanding
rapidly and he pioneered the development of the extensive coverage of
Swedish - and Nordic - business on which his successors in Stockholm have
built.
He used to say that it was his love of fishing which led to his job with the
FT. It was an enthusiasm he shared with the editor of the paper at the time,
Sir Gordon Newton, who recruited him. Sweden, with its many fast-flowing
rivers and the Stockholm archipelago at his doorstep, was an ideal posting
for him.
He was forced into partial retirement in 1974 by the onset of Parkinson's
disease, but he continued to work part-time and to file to the paper until
1982.
John Walker was born in Sandgate, Kent, on November 11, 1920, went to school
in Dover and served as an officer in the Royal Air Force during the second
world war.
He was nursed through his long illness by his Swedish wife, Ann, who
survives him. He has a son, Peter, by his first marriage.
