FT  28 OCT 93 / The Lex Column: Capital allowances
Even though there is no evidence that they have worked, pressure is building
on the chancellor to extend the special capital allowances which expire at
the end of October. Industry's concern is understandable. For the government
not to renew the 40 per cent first-year depreciation allowance could be a
discouraging signal when confidence remains fragile. The CBI wants to go
further; it would like the special allowances made permanent, with
additional concessions for small business to boot.
That neatly obviates the criticism that temporary tinkering with capital
allowances affects the timing of investment spending without increasing its
overall amount. But it runs contrary to the spirit of the 1984 corporation
tax reform. This was based on the admirable principle that a lower overall
rate was preferable to loopholes which favour special interests. Some, such
as the Engineering Employers' Federation, argue that this trade-off benefits
service industries unfairly at the expense of capital-intensive
manufacturing. That might appeal to a business-minded chancellor with roots
in the Midlands, but it ignores the fact that capital allowances are a blunt
instrument for stimulating investment. Though the interest on borrowed funds
is tax deductible, British companies traditionally finance investment
spending out of retained earnings on which no tax deduction is available. A
taxation change which addressed this anomaly might yield investment benefits
as well as encouraging companies to make rational decisions on financing.
