FT  09 DEC 93 / Commodities and Agriculture: US technical analysts foresee
further falls
US technical analysts said last night that the New York Mercantile Exchange
crude oil contract's six-month downtrend remained intact and that a safety
net would not arrest the fall until about Dollars 13 a barrel, Dollars 1.40
below the five-year low reached in early trading, reports Reuter from New
York.
'In order to establish a short-term bottom, we need a settlement above
Dollars 15.08 on the spot crude,' said Mr Henry Marchell, technical analyst
at Lehman Brothers.
If crude can hold support at Dollars 14-Dollars 14.25 then prices will
likely trade sideways to higher, but still in the context of a bear market,
for two to three weeks, he added. His downside target was Dollars 12.80 if
support at Dollars 14 failed.
'It's still a bear market,' said Mr Bill Billings, director of Nymex trading
at Phillips Petroleum. 'I think it's at the bottom of a weekly channel but
if it trades below these levels, I see projections to Dollars 12.87 and
Dollars 9.10.' He said crude had fallen to his initial downside targets,
based on the summertime price activity, but prices were still vulnerable.
The steep price drop had led many analysts to believe a sharp technical
correction was needed to alleviate the oversold situation. But they conceded
that in many cases the momentum indicators were irrelevant, similar to a
overbought condition before the Gulf War when prices were high for several
months.
Nymex crude has fallen from Dollars 21 a barrel in May, a 31 per cent drop.
Support also existed, traders said, at a gap on the weekly charts from 1988
at Dollars 14.25-Dollars 13.99 a barrel. The 1988 low was Dollars 12.28.
