FT  18 MAY 93 / The Lex Column: US West calls Time
As is usually the case with those who have debt worries, Time Warner's
decision to part with some of its most valuable jewels is a sign of weakness
rather than strength. The company's new chairman, Mr Gerald Levin, has
recently made strenuous efforts to tackle the Dollars 10bn debt pile he
inherited from the 1989 merger of the two companies. He also wants to invest
in fibre-optic networks which will revolutionise the transmission of
information. With Time Warner's balance sheet stretched, he cannot afford to
do both out of operating cash flow alone. Hence the sale of 25 per cent of
Time Warner Entertainment to the regional telephone company US West for
Dollars 2.5bn.
The Dollars 1bn of equity which will flow into the entertainment business
will help fund the Dollars 5bn, five-year investment programme in
fibre-optic networks. Time Warner has made the Faustian bargain because it
gives it a head start on the competition and Time would find it difficult to
raise equity through the stock market at the kind of price US West is
paying. Time also argues that it is acquiring experience in handling
advanced switching technology from US West. It is at least arguable,
however, that it could have bought that expertise without ceding such a
large equity stake. US West, meanwhile, gains a share of the database which
will be the cornerstone of the network's profitability.
When fully optical networks are operating, the price of data transmission
will fall dramatically. Profits will then come predominantly from the
value-added services that can be sold through the wires, such as high-speed
computing, video telecoms, information and entertainment. Time Warner may
come to wish it had been able to pawn, rather than sell, those jewels.
