FT  25 SEP 93 / World Stock Markets (America): Dow unmoved by data, bond
price gains
Wall Street
US SHARE prices ended little changed yesterday in spite of good economic
news and fresh gains in bond prices, although once again over-the-counter
stocks rose to new highs, writes Patrick Harverson in New York.
At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 3.36 at 3,543.11. The
more broadly based Standard &amp; Poor's 500 finished down 0.05 at 457.79, while
the Amex composite ended up 1.82 at 454.53 and the Nasdaq composite up 2.41
at 754.67, a new record high. Trading volume on the NYSE was 244m shares.
The markets ended a volatile week - one dominated by political turmoil in
Russia and the debate over healthcare reform at home - in subdued fashion.
Prices firmed across the board at the opening, primarily in reaction to some
rare positive economic news. The commerce department announced that durable
goods orders rose 2.0 per cent in August, a bigger increase than expected by
Wall Street analysts, who had forecast a rise in orders of about 1.5 per
cent.
The durable goods figures, however, are notoriously unreliable, so any
positive impact they had on equities was limited. By mid-morning blue chip
stocks had eased back into negative territory. Investors ignored fresh gains
on overseas markets - Tokyo, Paris and London were all higher - and on the
US bond market which, after a week of big losses, has now rallied for three
straight days. In late afternoon trading, the benchmark 30-year government
bond was up  9/32 at 102 25/32 , yielding 6.043 per cent.
Among individual stocks, cyclical stocks were mixed, with some still under
pressure because of concern about the economy. General Electric fell Dollars
1 1/4 to Dollars 94 7/8 , Minnesota Mining &amp; Manufacturing gave up Dollars
7/8 at Dollars 102 7/8 , International Paper held steady at Dollars 59 3/8 ,
Aluminum Company of America firmed Dollars 5/8 to Dollars 68 and Caterpillar
rallied Dollars 1 to Dollars 78 1/8 .
Car stocks were also mixed. General Motors eased Dollars  1/8 to Dollars 46,
Chrysler rose Dollars  1/2 to Dollars 47 7/8 and Ford slipped Dollars  1/4
to Dollars 56 5/8 , all in heavy trading.
Wachovia jumped Dollars 2 7/8 to Dollars 36 7/8 after brokerage house Alex
Brown raised its rating on the banking group to 'buy' from 'neutral', saying
that growth from operations would be strong for the foreseeable future. Bank
stocks in general were firmer, with Banc One up Dollars  3/4 at Dollars 40,
JP Morgan Dollars  3/4 higher at Dollars 75 3/4 , Chemical up Dollars  1/8
at Dollars 44 1/4 , and Citicorp Dollars  1/4 firmer at Dollars 36 1/4 .
Northern Border Pipeline made a strong debut. The 14.2m shares were offered
at Dollars 24 3/8 , and by the close had risen to Dollars 25 5/8 in volume
of 4.7m shares.
Canada
TORONTO posted a mixed performance on the day, in moderate trading. The
TSE-300 index gained 11.50 points, to close at 3,982.36, in volume of 51.63m
shares valued at CDollars 477.8m. Losing issues led winners by 389 to 277.
Nine of 14 sub-indices ended higher, led by a 1.26 per cent gain in consumer
products.
Shares in Magna International, the Toronto-based automotive parts supplier,
jumped CDollars 2 1/8 to CDollars 55 1/8 on news that it was buying
interests in European auto-parts companies for about CDollars 100m.
