FT  15 MAY 93 / Fashion: Ethnic jewellery
JEWELLERY is being worn ethnic this summer, writes Lucia van der Post. Put
away (for another time, another fashion) your discreet diamond studs, your
pearls, your genteel little brooches - and search out the biggest, boldest,
chunkiest pieces you own. According to Veronica Manussis, of Cobra &amp;
Bellamy, this season's jewellery is 'savage and brutalistic.' Which is why
she and her partner, Tania Hunter, have put together one of the biggest,
most exciting collections of amber jewellery to be seen in many a year.
Amber is the fossilised resin found in fossilised trees. As those who love
it will know it comes in many colours, from clear, pale yellow to richest
blood red. The changing colours are caused by minerals from the soils, by
the earth's movements and by the degrees of pressure to which the amber is
subject.
Cobra &amp; Bellamy's collection is all from Russia, mainly from fossilised
forests around the Baltic Sea. There are huge, chunky necklaces and
bracelets of raw amber, some of which are photographed above. Prices for a
necklace of some presence range between Pounds 200 and Pounds 400, though
the most spectacular is Pounds 3,000. Then there are more refined and
sophisticated pieces which they buy cut, often as cabochons, and which
Veronica incorporates into her designs, setting them in sterling silver.
Prices for these brooches, ear-rings and rings start as low as Pounds 9 for
a pair of very simple ear-rings. A ring with a great deal of panache could
be had for Pounds 103, a brooch for Pounds 63.
The collection is on sale now at Cobra &amp; Bellamy, 149 Sloane Street, London
SW1 and the Cobra &amp; Bellamy shop in Liberty of Regent Street, London W1.
