FT  10 AUG 93 / The Lex Column: Hard currency choices
Strange that the government should revive its proposal for a hard Ecu while
the exchange rate mechanism is in disarray. As chancellor and prime
minister, Mr Major in the past championed the cause of a common European
currency when faced with the less palatable alternative of a single
currency. Since Mr Kohl, the German chancellor, believes that the divergence
of European economies has put back monetary union by at least two years,
that threat appears to have receded. More likely, then, Mr Major sees an
opportunity to fill the political vacuum while other European governments
wonder what to do next.
But even if the drive towards a single currency has been derailed, sceptics
will not be easily convinced that the creation of a thirteenth European
currency is a credible alternative. The Bundesbank is notably opposed to the
creation of a parallel currency and monetary institutions. Monetary hawks
elsewhere are no less suspicious of a plan which might distort money supply.
Exactly how the proposed European Monetary Institute would set hard Ecu
interest rates and control the stock of money remain open to question. It is
hard to believe that Euro-sceptics within the Conservative party will be any
more tolerant of a common currency than a single currency. The bruising
ratification of the Maastricht treaty can not have helped bring them on
side.
On that basis the hard Ecu looks no more likely to win friends than it did
two years ago. True, such a common unit of account would bring savings for
business in cross border transactions. But while some European governments
still have their sights set on the higher goal of monetary union, the
proposal looks little more than a sideshow.
