FT  24 AUG 93 / London Stock Exchange: Equity futures and options trading
TRADING volumes were much reduced in the London derivatives markets
yesterday as the underlying equity market moved into what was clearly a
consolidation phase. A further cut in Bank of France interest rates failed
to ignite the UK market.
The futures market tried to move higher at first, encouraged by wider
reporting in London of remarks on interest rates on Friday by the
vice-president of the Bundesbank. But with European markets easier, it was
soon clear that there was limited basis for interest rate optimism in
London.
The September contract on the FT-SE 100 drifted down for the rest of the
session, closing at 3,056 for a premium against cash of 11 points, compared
with estimated fair value at 6. Dealers commented that, while this premium
was quite satisfactory at this stage in the life of the contract, it
reflected no great enthusiasm. Volume of 6,709 lots was unexciting.
Very poor business was reported in traded options. Total turnover dropped
from Friday's 29,111 lots to 15,983 yesterday, with the FT-SE 100 option
seeing only 4,449 dealt, against 6,475 previously. The actives list was
headed by the Euro FT-SE option (2,482), while Lasmo (1,567) again attracted
speculative attention as investors pondered the implications of the
Monopolies and Mergers Commission report for British Gas. Also busy was BAe
at 686 contracts.
