FT  16 SEP 93 / The Lex Column: Pockets of resistance
Since British Aerospace's figures are the balance of such large flows,
forecasting its results is a hazardous business. Nonetheless, even modestly
disappointing surprises can unsettle a market still shell-shocked by the
upheavals of the past two years. A high interest charge and the poor
performance of commercial aircraft operations were perhaps there to be seen,
but there is understandable nervousness from those who missed the trick.
That the company's profitability is proving as slow and difficult to repair
as initially indicated shows what a tangled mess it had become under the old
regime.
Still, knots are slowly being unpicked, and the new corporate structure and
credit facilities provide a solid basis for progress. Cash inflow from
operations, property disposals and the sale of corporate jet activities will
cut borrowings in the second half. There may also be a Pounds 180m inflow if
Ballast Nedam is sold.
Other deals could follow. The saga of regional jets and Taiwan Aerospace may
yet reach a happy conclusion, though since BAe can now afford to walk away
there must be a limit to its patience. Aerospatiale may prove a suitable
partner for turboprop aircraft and negotiations with Matra continue on the
missiles business. Talks with GEC were stopped, however, presumably for fear
of frightening the banks at a critical stage of the refinancing. The company
has not ruled out future discussions, which may be unwise since
long-suffering shareholders who have a glimpse of better times can prove
just as skittish as banks.
