FT  08 OCT 93 / UK Company News: Galliford cuts dividend to 1p
GALLIFORD, the Midlands-based contractor, has cut its total dividend from
4.3p to 1p as part of a plan to expand its housing business which could see
its long-cherished net cash position become debt over the next three years.
The company announced this at the same time as revealing pre-tax profits
sharply down from Pounds 3.03m to Pounds 412,000 for the year to June 30
1993.
Mr John Livingston, finance director, said: 'In the short term it would be
difficult to make adequate net margins on construction so we intend to
increase profits by expanding private housing building activities. We
believe the housing market will see steady, undramatic, improvement which we
want to exploit.'
The company would spend up to Pounds 4m on land this year and about Pounds
2m on development.
Galliford sold 170 (156) housing units in the year to June 30 at an average
price of Pounds 53,000 (Pounds 50,000) and expects to exceed 200 in its
current year with a target of 500 in three years time.
Mr Livingston said the company would countenance 'modest gearing' as well as
drawing cash from future retained profits from other businesses to achieve
its target.
Sales were Pounds 217.2m (Pounds 213.2m). Profits were hit by losses of
Pounds 512,000 (profits of Pounds 393,000) in specialist contracting
stemming from National Power's Drax project. These are now subject to claim.
Pre-tax profits in contracting have declined over the last three years,
falling to Pounds 408,000 (Pounds 1.62m) on sales of Pounds 127.4m (Pounds
128.9m).
A recommended final dividend of 0.5p (3.35p) gives a total of 1p (4.3p),
uncovered by earnings of 0.33p (2.37p) per share.
