FT  28 MAY 93 / The Lex Column: Clarke's new shoes
Mr Kenneth Clarke has a reputation as something of a bruiser, so he may be
equipped to curb the government's deficit. But he also has an acknowledged
ambition to become prime minister. That means he must want to be liked. The
initial inference from his appointment as chancellor must be that a
growth-orientated economic policy will continue. There is a slightly
increased chance of a cut in interest rates, especially if that would help
win the Christchurch by-election, and Mr Clarke may dawdle over the PSBR.
The overall message is broadly bad for gilts and sterling, but good for
equities, yet the markets were reluctant yesterday to take the implications
on board in anything more than a tentative way. Equities showed only modest
gains, the long gilt future was broadly flat and sterling, though weaker,
still closed above DM2.50. Perhaps that stems from a realisation that Mr
Clarke is hemmed in, just as Mr Norman Lamont was. Growth is constrained by
the balance of payments; it would be difficult to cut interest rates without
a damaging row with the Bank of England's robust new governor.
Mr Lamont was outspoken about inflation but suffered from a lack of
credibility in the City, especially after the UK's exit from the ERM. Mr
Clarke does not - yet - face that handicap. Despite his European sympathies,
he also knows when to avoid breaking into French. However the markets will
judge him on the speed with which the PSBR is tackled and his readiness to
rein in monetary policy once inflation starts to rise again. They seem
sceptical but inclined to give him a chance. Given the unhappy legacies he
has left elsewhere, it would be rash to assume he will use it.
