FT  25 MAR 93 / International Company News: Skanska plunges to SKr3.53bn
deficit
SKANSKA, Scandinavia's largest construction and property company, plunged to
a SKr3.53bn (Dollars 457m) loss after financial items in 1992, due to huge
property write-downs, high interest rates, and the impact of foreign
currency speculation.
The worse-than-expected result, which compares with a SKr738m profit in
1991, led the company to cut its dividend to SKr1.50 per share from SKr3.25.
The two main reasons for the deficit were SKr4.3bn in property write-downs
and one-off financial losses of SKr1.4bn. However, weaker market conditions
for the group's main activities led to an 8 per cent slump in revenues to
SKr31.9bn and to a 21 per cent fall in operating income to SKr2.47bn from
SKr3.12bn.
The property write-downs, which compare with SKr1.15bn in 1991, were much
bigger than envisaged at the eight-month stage, when the group said they
would total SKr1.5 to SKr2bn. They reflect lower real estate values, both in
Sweden and abroad.
Write-downs on the value of the group's Swedish real estate book totalled
SKr1.9bn, while properties in London and Oslo were written down by more than
SKr1.5bn. A further SKr800m in write-downs related to other foreign
properties.
The group suffered an extraordinary SKr518m loss due to foreign currency
deals which resulted in the dismissal of the head of its finance subsidiary,
Skanska Kapitalforvaltning, last August.
However, because the portfolio was financed by short-term borrowing, the
group incurred heavy financing costs when Swedish overnight interest rates
shot up to 500 per cent last September. Realised losses in the portfolio,
which has now been discontinued, plus financing costs totalled SKr872m.
