FT  13 OCT 93 / The Lex Column: UAP/Suez
The deal between Union des Assurances de Paris and Suez is a fine example of
how previously irreconcilable parties can be brought together by force of
circumstance. The pair have been haggling over control of Colonia, Germany's
third largest insurer, for the best part of four years. But the looming
privatisation of UAP and deteriorating trading results at Suez have helped
concentrate minds. Selling UAP shares to international investors next year
will certainly be easier now a deal has been struck.
It is less clear that the transaction will add much spark to UAP's shares.
Exchanging its stake in French insurer Victoire with Suez for control of
Colonia makes strategic sense. Yet it is unlikely to transform the group's
prospects. Its shares have only just returned to the level of the 1990
rights issue which paid for the Victoire stake. By selling out now, UAP is
reducing its exposure to the cyclical upswing in French insurance markets.
Once privatisation is out of the way, UAP might look for growth elsewhere -
and possibly under new management should Mr Jean Peyrelevade, its chairman,
make the rumoured move to Credit Lyonnais. With a bridgehead established in
Germany, the UK looks the most obvious gap in its portfolio. The stake in
Sun Alliance built up during the summer through Transatlantic, the
investment company jointly owned with Mr Donald Gordon, could provide a
toehold. But to judge by its dogged approach to Colonia, UAP will be
prepared to wait.
