FT  19 JUN 93 / The Lex Column: UK markets
If the art of politics is timing, Mr Kenneth Clarke's arrival at No 11
Downing Street has been a masterpiece. The new chancellor has been greeted
by a slew of economic data promising modest growth without a resurgence of
inflation. The retail price and employment figures are cases in point. That
is music to the ears of financial markets: the FT-SE 100 index is again
pushing 2,900 and long-dated gilt yields have trickled down towards 8 per
cent. Since the corporate news has been mixed it may be that gilts are
setting the pace.
Equities certainly look more comfortable on a historic yield of 4 per cent
after the rally at the long end of the gilts market. If the optimistic mood
in that market is sustained, the FT-SE 100 could rise to 3,000 without
stretching the yield ratio much beyond 2 times. That might give the equity
market more chance of breaking out of the trading range which has prevailed
since March. Whether gilts will remain a help remains an open question. The
Bank of England has cautioned that inflationary pressures could resurface in
the autumn, in which case the gilts market would doubtless demand more of a
risk premium for funding the government's borrowing requirement.
In those circumstances, Mr Clarke will need more than political nous to keep
the markets on side. The Mansion House speech was predictably vague about
the extent to which fiscal tightening might be needed to control borrowing.
The odds are that something more will be required of the autumn budget.
