FT  23 JAN 93 / International Company News: Texas Instruments posts gains in
sales and income
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS, the US semiconductor and electronics manufacturer,
reported increased revenues and income for the fourth quarter, lifted by
record semiconductor sales and orders for defence equipment to replenish
systems used in Operation Desert Storm.
Revenues for the fourth quarter were Dollars 1.99bn, compared with Dollars
1.75bn in the same period last year. Higher revenues in semiconductors and
defence electronics more than offset a drop in digital products resulting
from the sale of TI's multi-user minicomputer systems and service operations
to Hewlett-Packard.
Net income for the quarter was Dollars 78m, or 80 cents a share, compared
with a loss of Dollars 85m or Dollars 1.18 in the fourth quarter of 1991,
after net charges of Dollars 55m. For the year, revenues grew about 10 per
cent to Dollars 7.44bn from Dollars 6.78bn in 1991. Increased semiconductor
revenues, across all product lines, were the largest contributor to this
rise.
Net income was Dollars 247m, or Dollars 2.50, compared with a net loss of
Dollars 409m or Dollars 5.40 in 1991 after net charges of Dollars 240m.
Semiconductor revenues rose 16 per cent to Dollars 4.03bn. TI, which is one
of the world's leading manufacturers of memory chips, has been moving to
diversify its semiconductor operations to include more profitable products.
'The strategy to increase our mix of differentiated products gained momentum
in 1992, with these products now making up more than 40 per cent of TI's
semiconductor revenues,' said Mr Jerry Junkins, chairman, president and
chief executive.
'We believe we will generate more than half of our semiconductor revenues
from this class of products well ahead of our original end-of-the-decade
timetable.' In the defence sector revenues were Dollars 2bn, an increase of
almost 3 per cent.
TI has been taking aggressive steps to adapt to a smaller defence market, Mr
Junkins said. However, the sector grew in 1992 when the company received
more than Dollars 500m in orders for equipment to replace systems used in
the Iraq war. In the company's information technology sector, software
revenues grew rapidly last year.
TI said that it would increase capital expenditures to Dollars 625m from
Dollars 429m in 1992 as it was anticipating strong growth in the world
semiconductor market this year. Research and development spending would be
increased.
