FT  03 DEC 93 / World Stock Markets (America): Firm close ahead of
employment figures
Wall Street
US stocks edged higher yesterday after meandering in a narrow range ahead of
today's eagerly awaited report on November employment, writes Frank McGurty
in New York.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed 5.03 firmer at 3,702.11 and the
Standard &amp; Poor's 500 put on 1.22 at 463.11. The Nasdaq composite again
outperformed other indices, adding 2.92 at 766.73. NYSE volume came to
256.4m shares.
A batch of second-tier economic figures, which were generally in line with
forecasts, set a positive tone for early trading. The Commerce Department
said that personal income had risen 0.6 per cent from September to October
on a seasonally adjusted basis, while personal consumption climbed 0.8 per
cent. Initial claims for state unemployment benefit last week showed a
modest decline.
Conversely, sales of new homes in October dipped 6.5 per cent from the
previous month. However, the fresh economic data left little impression.
Instead, stocks reacted to a mid-morning downturn in the US Treasury market,
where apprehension about today's report on November employment was in
evidence. A surprisingly strong showing is likely to send bond prices
sharply lower.
In late trading the benchmark 30-year government issue recovered somewhat
and equities inched back into positive territory in the final hour of a
subdued session.
With the release of November sales figures by the big store groups,
retailing stocks were among the most actively traded. Analysts found little
encouragement for the Christmas season in their overall performance. Among
the big losers was The Limited, which posted a 7 per cent decline in
same-store sales. The stock plunged Dollars 3 3/8 to Dollars 18 as its
rating was lowered by at least two securities houses. Sears Roebuck shed
Dollars  7/8 to Dollars 54 1/8 in spite of reporting good sales figures.
Dillard was down Dollars 1 1/8 at Dollars 39 1/2 .
JC Penney was unchanged at Dollars 54 1/4 despite a 13 per cent gain in
same-store sales. Talbots, a newly listed stock, stayed at Dollars 26 5/8
even though its comparable-store sales were up 16.1 per cent.
Semiconductor issues were hit by concern over a slowdown in orders. Texas
Instruments lost Dollars 1 to Dollars 64, and National Semiconductor fell
Dollars 1 1/4 to Dollars 15 3/8 in heavy trading.
Canada
Toronto also managed just a minor gain after Wednesday's sharp rise. The TSE
300 index was finally 5.9 ahead at 4,226.3, with advances narrowly leading
declines by 394 to 366. Volume amounted to 61.1m shares valued at CDollars
670.9m.
Industrial products recorded the day's biggest change, adding 1.31 per cent.
Mitel, CDollars  3/4 higher at CDollars 8 1/2 , said it has received a
multi-million dollar order for its call controller product from Diana Corp.
