FT  19 NOV 93 / Bundesbank sends out mixed signal
THE policy-making council of the Bundesbank teased the financial markets
yesterday by unexpectedly fixing the 'repo rate' - the rate which determines
money market interest rates - at 6.25 per cent for next week, fractionally
lower than the 6.29 interest rate set in money market operations earlier
this week.
The small reduction in the repo rate coincided with the decision to leave
the official discount and Lombard rates unchanged at 5.75 and 6.75 per cent
respectively, thus providing mixed signals about the timing and scale of
future rate cuts.
Markets are expecting money supply and inflation data due next week to
provide the Bundesbank with grounds for further cuts before the end of the
year.
The Bundesbank's move to fix the repo rate contrasts with the more usual
procedure by which interest rates are set by bids from banks via a tender
procedure. The fixing usually indicates the Bundesbank's desire to give a
definite steer to money market developments. In recent months this has
served to push rates decisively downwards following cuts in the discount
rate.
Yesterday's announcement provided ambivalent signals. It indicated interest
rates were still on the way down, although the cut was minuscule, following
a fall of 9 basis points from 6.35 per cent in the tender operation earlier
this week. Some economists interpreted the move as an indication that the
pace of further cuts is set to slow down.
The council meets on two more occasions this year. Future cuts will depend
on the development of money supply. Economists believe M3 broad money growth
will slow in October to 6.6 per cent, close to the Bundesbank's 4.5-6.5 per
cent target range for 1993.
