FT  27 JAN 93 / International Company News: Profit growth at Merck reflects
trend in sector
MERCK, the world's biggest drugs company, yesterday provided further
evidence of the slowing momentum of earnings growth in the drugs sector by
posting a 17 per cent rise in underlying fourth-quarter earnings on the back
of a 12 per cent increase in sales.
Although the results were broadly in line with expectations, Wall Street was
disappointed. Annual earnings increased by 19 per cent in both 1991 and
1990, and by 24 per cent in 1989. Shares in Merck closed down Dollars 1 7/8
at Dollars 39 1/2
Fourth-quarter results were distorted by the adoption of new accounting
standards, which brought net income for the three months to Dollars 609.1m,
or 53 cents a share, on sales of Dollars 2.6bn. In the same period of 1991,
Merck earned 529.8m, or 46 cents, on sales of Dollars 2.31bn.
For the full year, Merck had net income of Dollars 1.98bn, or Dollars 1.72 a
share, 6 per cent below earnings of Dollars 2.12bn, or Dollars 1.83 cents,
posted in 1991.
Stripping out after-tax charges of Dollars 462.4m, or 40 cents, for the
adoption of new accounting standards, net income rose 17 per cent to Dollars
2.49bn, or Dollars 2.15 cents, in 1992. Sales were 12 per cent higher at
Dollars 9.66bn, against Dollars 8.6bn, with growth being lead by newer
products.
Some analysts have been disappointed by the performance of Proscar, Merck's
new drug to treat benign prostate enlargement, but Mr Arvind Desai, an
analyst at Mehta &amp; Isaly in New York, said: 'We still expect Proscar to be a
Dollars 1bn drug, with 1993 sales of about Dollars 150m.'
