FT  09 JAN 93 / The Lex Column: Threatened rights
Much attention has been focused on the tidal wave of gilts sweeping towards
the City. However imaginatively financed, the Pounds 40bn-plus of debt the
government must place in the next fiscal year threatens to swamp both the
gilt and equity markets. Yet that is not the only call on institutional
cash. Company finances may have improved, but the corporate sector is still
in substantial deficit. Many companies need extra funding to take advantage
of any upturn and, with the market at near-record levels, rights issues must
be on the way.
As issuance is unlikely to exceed the 1991 peak of Pounds 10bn, its overall
impact will be less than that of gilts - even after adding in the Pounds
5bn-plus government offer of BT shares. But unlike gilts, rights issues
influence equities directly, and with company finances varying widely, the
effect will hit some sectors more than others. So far the market rally has
been based on the expectation of an earnings recovery, but it may be a
mistake to overlook corporate cash flow and weak balance sheets. Companies
in the building, brewing, textiles, engineering and industrial materials
sectors could all usefully reduce their gearing. Insurers' solvency ratios
are low and BP would have a lot more flexibility after a rights issue,
despite management opposition to the idea.
Fear of high gearing may also be driving boards towards rights issues; few
managements have any desire to repeat the gearing experience of recent
years. That may also limit the number of cash bids, which have had corrosive
effects on predators' balance sheets once debts have been assumed and
provisions written off against equity. It seems paper is heading towards the
market from all directions.
