FT  24 AUG 93 / The Lex Column: DIY stores
The replacement of Texas Homecare's chief executive is hardly a sign that
everything is going swimmingly in do-it-yourself. Thus far, the gentle
upturn in housing transactions has done little for DIY retailers, with
consumers reluctant to spend on fixtures and fittings. Last year's fierce
price wars have been replaced by the image of consistent low pricing, but
DIY retailers have only been able to hold volumes in recent times at the
expense of margins. Texas had the upper hand last year, B&amp;Q this. Poor old
Do It All has been knocked from pillar to post between them. Meanwhile,
expectations of a return to the glory days of the late 1980s are more
desperate hope than expectation, and the market will not prosper until
substantial capacity is taken out.
The most obvious casualty is Do It All, which requires either drastic
pruning or complete uprooting. Yet with alternative use values for the out
of town sites so low, the cost of exit is almost unbearable. Boots' strong
cash flow might allow it to take the pain of closing Do It All, but its
partner WH Smith is not so well placed. Smiths may well show a cash outflow
when it reports full-year figures tomorrow, and its smaller balance sheet
would be hard pressed to take the strain. If that means that the agony is
doomed to continue in the sheds which only cost DIY shopkeepers Pounds
2m-Pounds 3m, what might happen to food retailers faced with a similar
plight in air conditioned freehold barns costing Pounds 25m apiece?
