FT  10 DEC 93 / Arts: The 1993 ABSA awards
Yesterday at the National Theatre the Association for Business Sponsorship
of the Arts held its annual prize giving, at which companies that had done
their bit, and more, in helping the arts in 1993 picked up polished pieces
of aluminium in recognition. Of course the awards are sponsored, by Arthur
Andersen.
The fact that the Princess of Wales was making one of her diminishing public
appearances was certainly a draw, but this is the occasion when hundreds of
captains of industry mix with hundreds of arts administrators to mutual
gratification.
The winners were: for British art overseas: Rover Deutschland, for backing
the 'Festival of Music from Great Britain' in Germany. For the commission of
new art in any medium: Scottish Hydro-Electric, nominated by the Traverse
Theatre. For corporate programme: Manchester Airport, friend of the Halle,
the Royal Exchange, Opera North, and more. For first time sponsor: Halifax
Building Society, which supports Eureka] children's museum in Halifax. For
increasing access to the arts: BP Chemicals, nominated by Sculpture at
Magam. In recognition of long term commitment: WH Smith, sponsor of English
Shakespeare Company, Glyndebourne, the Poetry Society, Rambert, and more.
For a single project: Guinness Northern Ireland, for the Belfast Festival.
For sponsorship by a small business; Robert Golden Pictures for helping
Opera Circus. For youth: RTZ, ally of the Guildhall School of Music and
Drama.
There are three other prizes. The Elf Award for the arts organisation making
best use of sponsorship went to Book Trust (nominated by Forward Publishing)
while the Arthur Andersen award for Business in the Arts adviser of the year
was won by Lorraine Trainer of the London Stock Exchange for her work at
Serpentine Gallery. The Times Critics Award went to the Donmar Warehouse.
