FT  08 JUN 93 / The Lex Column: Henderson
If only Henderson Administration could reproduce such impeccable timing on
behalf of its clients. The acquisition of Touche Remnant looks well-judged
given the rise in UK equities since the deal was struck in the autumn, and
the dwindling returns on cash. With annual cost savings running at around
Pounds 6m - and no sign of damage to Touche's business - Henderson is right
to be pleased with the marriage so far. The acquisition of Touche's clients,
though, cannot disguise the fact that its own pension fund division is
losing business.
The confidence of big pension funds will only be restored by a marked
improvement in investment performance. Touche's talent and other new faces
recruited this year should make a difference. Henderson's investment returns
are already better than in the dark days of the late 1980s, although some
way off the pace set by Phillips &amp; Drew and Schroder. Rationalising and
relaunching the stable of unit trusts this year will also have to be handled
well if Henderson is to capture its share of new retail money.
If these hurdles can be overcome and with Pounds 28m still in the bank,
Henderson might be tempted to buy more earnings. Having weakened its balance
sheet by writing off goodwill, another big acquisition would be difficult to
swallow. However, the pension fund management business shows every sign of
consolidating. There must be a fair chance that others will be emboldened to
follow Henderson's example.
