FT  12 OCT 93 / The Lex Column: Lucas Industries
To say that Lucas had to dip into reserves to pay this year's dividend is
slightly misleading. Rather, it is not paying a dividend at all and is
instead rewarding shareholders in shares for the low returns earned by a
company they already own. Pension fund credits supported the over-generous
pay-out last year, funny money enhanced scrips this. One wonders where Lucas
will look next. The company argues that turnover and margin increases,
combined with a falling tax charge, will allow the payment to be covered 2.5
times over the cycle. Yet for this to be so Lucas would need four times
cover at the peak, which surely implies sufficient UK profits to claim back
its unrelieved advance corporation tax. What need then for an enhanced
scrip?
The answer probably lies with the level of debt. Lucas has already spent
some two-thirds of the restructuring provision it established last year.
That has brought a useful profits improvement, but there is plenty more to
go for. Since the company is already near the self-imposed ceiling for
gearing, it can hardly afford further heavy charges without substantial
disposals or new equity. As it seems keen to avoid either, cash remains
scarce.
All that might change if a respected figure such as Mr George Simpson of BAe
were to sign on, axe operations and raise new funds to pay for
restructuring. Yet Lucas apparently only wants a new chief executive to
implement existing plans. If so it is odd that the company has struggled for
so long to find a leader with what it takes to produce his own ideas.
