FT  19 APR 93 / The Lex Column: Petroleum Revenue Tax
BP's annual report, published three days before the Budget, highlights the
words Profitability, Reputation and Teamwork on the cover. Conspiracy
theorists will doubtless observe BP is the most spectacular beneficiary of
the Budget reform of Petroleum Revenue Tax, and draw their own conclusions.
The company vigorously denies it put the Treasury up to the changes - or
even that it had any idea such windfall gains were on the way.
Still, the improved cash flow comes in handy at a difficult time. The
dividend cut, asset sales and reduced capital expenditure are needed to stem
the cash outflow and cut gearing. Even so progress will be slow. The company
has set its face against a rights issue, partly it seems to keep the focus
on increasing efficiency. With borrowings of Dollars 15bn every little
helps.
That benefit to BP may be enough to sink opposition to the reforms. Given
that the proposals have survived in-tact in the published finance bill,
lobbying seems to have had little impact. BP argues that the changes are
good for development in the North Sea. Wasteful drilling will be eliminated
and big new finds may be brought on stream quickly because companies will
only have to pay corporation tax on the revenue. However, some small-er
prospects seem destined not be investigated. It would also be naive to
assume the government will be content to tax new finds at 33 per cent if
discoveries like those west of Shetland prove to be large and very
profitable.
