FT  12 JUN 93 / International Company News: Japanese securities houses cut
spending
JAPAN'S profit-starved securities houses plan to cut their capital spending
by 68.1 per cent this year, according to a survey of financial institutions
released yesterday by the Bank of Japan.
The country's banks, burdened by bad loans and attempting to cut costs, plan
to reduce spending on items such as computers and branch facilities by 17.3
per cent in the year to March, following a 6.2 per cent fall last year.
Response to the survey suggests trading conditions are unlikely to improve
in the second half. On average, capital spending will rise 2.5 per cent in
the first half, compared to a year earlier, but fall 17.8 per cent in the
second half.
Nomura Securities was the only leading Japanese broker to report a net
profit last year, reflecting the pressure created by the collapse of stock
prices and trading volumes. Although the market has strengthened in recent
months, there are lingering concerns that prices and volumes will fall
again.
Most brokers have announced reductions in their staff intake and delayed
investment on new computer equipment and the renovation of offices. The
sharp reductions in spending, which fell 46 per cent last year, are partly a
reaction to the excessive expansion during the four years to 1990, when
securities industry personnel increased by 41.6 per cent.
The spending cuts have hurt the country's electronics companies, which would
expect to get most of the contracts.
