FT  05 JAN 93 / The Lex Column: UK water companies
Paying Pounds 27.5m for holes in the ground may sound extravagant, but then
valuing waste disposal companies has always been a tricky business. Besides,
there is a little more than this to South West Water's purchase of
Haul-Waste, and the deal fits its strategy of concentrating on buying
related businesses in its own region. Nonetheless, this is another worrying
example of water companies using special pleading to justify high-priced
acquisitions.
At best this may be an expensive way for shareholders to employ some of
their excess capital currently tied up in the water companies. Fear of the
regulator constrains dividend growth, while management ambition and stock
market pressure to outperform encourage the companies to spend. Successful
diversification on a large scale could theoretically lift a water company
from a yield to an earnings valuation, substantially boosting the share
price, while the solid regulated core business means that the dividend can
barely be under threat.
Yet the history of diversification by acquisition is not auspicious. The
right strategy for companies seeking to outperform the sector may be to sit
on their hands. Finding a clever way to repay shareholders before the
regulators claw the money back might be even better. This is even more true
for the cash-generating regional electricity companies, which face the same
problem in spades.
