FT  21 DEC 93 / The Lex Column: British Steel
In marking British Steel down by 6 per cent, the market has given the thumbs
down to the new European steel agreement. It may be right to do so, despite
considerable uncertainty over how the deal will actually affect prices.
Hopes of a solution to the European over-capacity problem have helped the
shares more than double this year. Now those inclined to put on a brave face
argue that even a fudged agreement is better than no agreement at all. At
least the European industry's collective determination, which has helped
recent price rises to stick, should continue. The self-help scheme will
remove capacity despite the lenient treatment of Ekostahl and Ilva, and
discipline has been imposed, albeit only in theory, on state subsidies.
Yet it is difficult to believe that prices - which are still well below
their pre-recession peak - will be as well supported next year as they would
have been with a tougher line from Brussels. The grudging EU agreement means
negotiations on private sector capacity reduction may be tortuous and
protracted. With no real prospect of volume increase in Europe next year,
British Steel could face increasing competition in its relatively buoyant
home market.
If that calls for a more sceptical view of 1994 than hitherto, medium-term
expectations must be scaled back too. The industry's self-imposed price
discipline works only because demand is depressed. It will be harder to
enforce in an economic recovery, when there will also be less incentive for
capacity reduction. British Steel's chances of matching its peak profits of
Pounds 733m in 1989-90 remain elusive.
