FT  13 JAN 93 / The Lex Column: Commerzbank
It would be too much to expect a German bank to consider shareholders when
launching a rights issue. That yesterday's DM500m Commerzbank offering
includes no earnings forecast, though 1992 has closed, is about par for the
course. One has to hope last year's figures contain no nasty surprises on
provisions, despite the bank's large exposure to the likes of Russia,
Olympia &amp; York and Hafnia. Even so, the timing raises questions both about
the urgency of the bank's need for capital and its perception of its share
price.
Commerzbank has long been the least well capitalised of the big three German
banks. After the issue it will have a tier one ratio of 4.5 per cent - too
tight for comfort for the tougher version of Germany's new capital
requirements. It does allow some latitude under the alternative - which
Commerzbank has chosen - whereby a minimum tier one ratio of 4 per cent is
acceptable at banks prepared to refrain from using valuation reserves to
meet their tier two obligations.
Under this formula the need for capital was present but less urgent, so the
bank seems to have picked its moment carefully. Commerzbank's shares have
climbed some 12 per cent since last September's low. Perhaps the bank is
hinting that they may not rise much further even when the Bundesbank starts
cutting rates. By then recession will be hitting with a vengeance and,
though banks are normally interest sensitive stocks, investor attention will
turn to losses on domestic lending. Other banks will be in the same boat.
Paradoxically Commerzbank may not be the worst affected. It is already on a
low rating and has been boosting its operating return. The rest have yet to
disappoint.
