FT  14 SEP 93 / The Lex Column: Viacom/Paramount
Viacom International's proposed Dollars 8.2bn takeover of Paramount
Communications is one of those rare deals which is difficult to fault. The
commercial fit is obvious, despite the limited prospect of cost savings.
Paramount's film studio will bring production capability which Viacom
currently lacks. The combined group will have the clout to compete
effectively with Time Warner and to be an attractive partner for telephone
companies anxious to muscle in on the multimedia business.
The price of such deals - as Time Warner knows to its cost - is often a
weaker balance sheet. In this instance the opposite is the case. Since
Paramount has no net debt, the deal will reduce Viacom's gearing, even
taking account of the Dollars 1bn it is to pay in cash. The merged group
should have comfortable interest cover of around four times next year. Nor,
after the 50 per cent rise in its share price this year, does Viacom have to
worry about the dilutive effect of using its paper to make an acquisition.
The risk was always that it could become involved in a bidding war which
would change the arithmetic by forcing it to shell out too much cash. Thanks
partly to Paramount's poison pill, the chance of a counterbid looks small.
Viacom may thus walk away with Paramount at a reasonable price. The trouble
with such good deals is that they engender high expectations from investors.
On a cash-flow multiple in the high teens Viacom looks expensive compared
with Time Warner despite the latter's debt.
