FT  15 JAN 93 / International Company News: Investment cut planned by Japan
Airlines
JAPAN Airlines yesterday announced drastic restructuring plans aimed at
reversing pre-tax losses estimated at Y50bn (Dollars 398m) for the year to
March 1993.
Over the next two years the airline plans to cut investment by Y100bn a
year, and costs by Y100bn next year. Total investment for 1993-1997 is now
projected at Y1,000bn rather than the original Y1,600bn. JAL says this will
enable it to break even in the next financial year, return to profitability
in 1994, and restore dividends in 1995. The airline made pre-tax losses of
Y6.4bn last year.
Restructuring plans were first announced in June, but deepening losses have
made further action necessary. JAL blames its difficulties on falling
international passenger demand, particularly from business travellers, and
increased competition.
The main target of capital spending cuts will be the introduction of new
aircraft. The scheduled acquisition of 25 Boeing 747-400s will be delayed,
but five smaller-capacity Boeing 767s will be added to 35 other aircraft
already on firm order. Cuts in ground investment include three large
airport-based projects, and leasing rather than buying information systems.
JAL aims to decrease its reliance on international traffic revenues from 70
per cent to 60 per cent over the next four years by increasing its share of
the domestic flight market to at least one-third.
Withdrawal from some unprofitable international routes and increased
capacity to more popular destinations, such as Shanghai, Hawaii and Rome are
also planned.
The airline said personnel would be further reduced, after about 400 jobs
cuts last year, but gave no indication of the scale of possible cuts. The
hiring of ground staff, which was halved in this financial year, will be
frozen in 1994.
