FT  20 FEB 93 / The Lex Column: Aircraft orders
Boeing's decision to reduce its workforce was inevitable after last month's
announcement of production cutbacks. While the scale of redundancies may
have been unexpected, it only underlines the miserable state of the aircraft
production industry. Output by the three main producers, which reached 860
airplanes in 1991, may fall below 500 next year. The North American market
is particularly poor, with fare wars pushing many carriers into the red and
forcing them to cancel aircraft orders.
That has hit Boeing in its home market. Airbus has a better geographical
spread of customers, notably in the growing Far East market, but the
European consortium is hardly immune. Airbus had hoped to expand production
substantially as its new A330 and A340 aircraft came on stream. Now it is
having to cut. Indeed, with both manufacturers determined to avoid large
numbers of unsold airplanes sitting on the tarmac, output will fall faster
than in previous recessions. Airbus has already slowed production once and
may have to cut output by a further 10 per cent in the next few months.
Leased aircraft may also prove a problem. Some carriers, can return
airplanes to the manufacturers at very short notice. At least 25 Airbuses
currently leased by American Airlines could be returned. The consortium
members, including British Aerospace, would have to carry the financing cost
of such aircraft. While the problem is not as severe, it is an unpleasant
reminder of the financing debacle in BAe's regional jet business.
