FT  10 FEB 93 / Observer: Cuccia's revenge?
Perhaps today's board meeting of La Fondiaria, Italy's second biggest
insurer, will give a clue as to how one of the country's more complex
financial puzzles is to be solved.
La Fondiaria has changed owners four times over the past decade and the
recent death of its president, Camillo De Benedetti, publicity-shy cousin of
Carlo of Olivetti fame, means that it is likely to change hands yet again.
It has the makings of a typical Italian corporate drama. Just over three
years ago Camillo bought into Fondiaria at the behest of Raul Gardini, the
then Ferruzzi boss, upsetting Enrico Cuccia, Mediobanca's legendary
deal-maker. Apparently, Cuccia had long wanted to merge Fondiaria with
Generali, Italy's biggest insurer, to create a new European giant.
Fondiaria has expanded aggressively under Camillo, notably in Germany, but
its ambitions have been severely clipped by the financial constraints of
some of its shareholders, particularly Ferruzzi. Most punters are now
betting on Fondiaria being broken up, under a Cuccia-devised plan to
strengthen Generali and lower Ferruzzi's borrowings. Fondiaria's main
operations would be sold to Generali, while its two smaller subsidiaries
would go to San Paolo, the big Turin-based bank, and a foreign insurer,
respectively. However, past experience suggests that solving Italian
financial riddles is never as simple as it seems at first sight.
