FT  13 JAN 93 / People: Johnson crosses the Square to Pictet
Nicholas Johnson, who quit as boss of Invesco MIM's non-North American
interests on Christmas Eve, has resurfaced in short order as chief
investment officer of the London end of Swiss private bankers, Geneva-based
Pictet. Relocating only across Devonshire Square in the City of London,
Johnson is, however, moving to an institution whose ethos is likely to be
very different.
Johnson, formerly joint deputy chairman of Invesco, effectively lost out
last July when Charles Brady took over from Lord Stevens as group chief
executive - even if the clash in management styles between Johnson and Brady
did not come to a head until a board meeting last month after which Johnson
resigned.
Pictet, a distinguished Swiss private bank founded in 1805 and wholly owned
by its partners, two of whom are Pictet family, manages around Dollars 30bn
in assets worldwide. Former colleagues, who pointed out that Johnson's early
field of particular expertise had been the Far East, surmised that Johnson
would be happy to return to the world of pure investment - after the thorny
management issues, including the Drayton Consolidated affair as well as the
Maxwell debacle, with which he had to deal while at Invesco.
Still only 39, Johnson joined Samuel Montagu 16 years ago as a management
trainee - after graduating from Magdalen College, Oxford, aged 19 with a
history degree, as well as a subsequent degree in the history of art from
the Courtauld Institute.
