FT  08 FEB 93 / The Lex Column: UK property
Property shares have had a good run in response to lower interest rates. The
underlying market has been slower to respond. Perhaps equity investors sense
a recovery in capital values down the road as well as enhanced yield
attraction. That represents a maverick view in the direct market, where
buyers still need nerves of steel.
The fear is that property's plight is as much structural as cyclical. The
balance of leasehold power appears to be swinging from landlord to tenant,
threatening security of income. There is poor liquidity within the sector as
banks are loath to lend to would-be buyers. Commercial rents and asset
values continue to spiral downwards. Property's traditional appeal as a
hedge against inflation looks less relevant given deflationary pressures in
the global economy.
By most historical measures, property is cheap. Yields - now in excess of 10
per cent - have climbed above those on long-dated gilts for the first time
in decades. This reflects the risk of capital erosion. But it also points to
the possibility of attractive returns. Investors able to pick and choose can
find good value, as some German funds have found in central London. Some
custom-built properties for blue-chip tenants also hold out promising
prospects. Optimists suggest such investments imitate convertible bonds,
combining security of income with the capital appreciation of an equity
investment. Though this is true for selective sectors, capital appreciation
will not be a general market feature in the foreseeable future. More than
ever, investment skill will be at a premium.
