FT  16 AUG 93 / The Lex Column: The price of failure
Having spent a vast quantity of the Bundesbank's D-Marks in its futile
attempt to defend the franc, the French government now faces the
embarrassment of repaying the loan. Although the Germans are unlikely to
send in the bailiffs, the French are theoretically obliged to return the
money within three months. The difficulty could be partly eased by rolling
over some of the loan for a further 90 days. If the franc appears reasonably
stable, the Bank of France might gingerly sell francs on the currency
markets to recoup the D-Marks, as it successfully did after earlier crises.
But the sheer scale of the FFr180bn foreign currency reserve deficit
suggests more urgent action will be required. The deficit leaves the French
largely denuded should the franc again come under attack. Capital controls
may provide one means of defence, although this is hardly in keeping with
the single European market. In any event the French government will want to
raise fresh finance for future contingencies as well as repay the D-Marks it
owes.
Given the size of the funding task, the French will have to raise the money
through a variety of channels. The Bank of France may reluctantly sell some
gold reserves. The government may borrow some money in the syndicated loan
market, but this is relatively expensive. It may also issue domestic OAT
bonds and swap them into D-Marks, yet the franc swaps market has limited
liquidity. In the end the French may be forced to the cheapest course.
Foreign currency bonds are the most sensible way to borrow, however much the
government dislikes them.
