FT  27 MAR 93 / International Company News: Microvitec cuts loss to Pounds
2.1m
MICROVITEC, the Bradford-based computing services company, slipped back into
the red to Pounds 2.14m pre-tax for the whole of 1992 after an encouraging
first half, dragged down by operating losses of Pounds 1.6m in its Logitek
distribution business. The result, however, compared with pre-tax losses for
1991 of Pounds 3.85m.
Logitek was sold to its management in January this year for Pounds 2.5m in
cash, enabling gearing which had been running at about 80 per cent for the
past two years, to be reduced to betwen 40 per cent and 50 per cent.
Turnover increased by 35 per cent from Pounds 36.9m to Pounds 49.9m in 1992.
It was made up of Pounds 30.2m from continuing operations in the company's
core areas of computer displays, multimedia, services, software applications
and communications and Pounds 19.7m from the now discontinued distribution
business.
Mr James Bailey, chairman, said: 'It is my belief that the continuing
businesses will continue to perform well and be cash generative through
1993. We have survived this most damaging three year recession and can now,
with a strong business base, look forward to benefitting from any recovery
in economic activity'. Loss per share was given as 3.4p against 5.3p.
There were operating profits from continuing operations this time of Pounds
21m (Pounds 2.53m losses) while discontinued operations incurred much higher
losses of Pounds 2.51m compared with Pounds 634,000.
