FT  04 FEB 93 / International Company News: Upjohn advances by 13% despite
Halcion setback
UPJOHN, the US pharma-ceuticals group, yesterday reported a 13 per cent rise
in its fourth-quarter 1992 net earnings, to Dollars 154m, or 86 cents a
share.
Mr Theodore Cooper, chairman and chief executive, said the group achieved a
solid performance in 1992 despite numerous challenges - including a 45 per
cent decline in worldwide sales of Halcion, the controversial sleep
medication.
The Michigan-based company said the profits figure excluded the cumulative
effects of accounting changes adopted in the quarter. Revenues in the
quarter showed a 9 per cent improvement at Dollars 989m.
For the whole of 1992, Upjohn had net profits of Dollars 562m, a 4 per cent
increase on 1991 results. Revenues were 7 per cent higher at Dollars 3.64bn
in 1992.
After including special restructuring charges and the reserves related to
accounting changes, Upjohn's 1992 net profit was Dollars 312.2m, or Dollars
1.74 per share, compared with Dollars 525.1m, or Dollars 2.87, in 1991.
Consolidated US sales were Dollars 2.3bn in 1992, some 6 per cent better
year-on-year. Non-US sales were 8 per cent improved at Dollars 1.4bn,
amounting to 38 per cent of total revenues.
Pharmaceutical sales outside the US surpassed Dollars 1bn for the first time
and were 8 per cent higher in 1992. Agricultural division sales were 6 per
cent up in 1992.
At the close on Wall Street, Upjohn's share price was Dollars 29 3/4 , up
Dollars  3/8 .
Eli Lilly, the US drugs company, reported 1992 fourth-quarter net earnings
of Dollars 311m, unchanged year-on-year. The company said a Dollars 46.1m
pre-tax charge related to a research and marketing alliance was included in
the 1992 quarter.
Sales in the quarter were Dollars 1.65bn, up from Dollars 1.57bn. For the
whole of 1992, Lilly earned Dollars 827.6m before special accounting
charges, compared with Dollars 1.3bn of net income in 1991.
