FT  13 JUL 93 / The Lex Column: Merck
The uncanny symmetry between Merck and Glaxo continues to impress. The
leading pharmaceutical companies in the US and Europe peaked against their
local markets within a fortnight of each other in January 1992, after a bull
run lasting the best part of a decade. Both shares have since fallen by 40
per cent. Now the unexpected resignation of Mr Richard Markham from Merck
mirrors that of Mr Ernest Mario from Glaxo in March. Both were appointed
over the heads of established candidates as heir apparent to a chairman
approaching retirement. Their departure throws wide open the question of
succession.
Without a full explanation, it is difficult to believe Mr Markham's decision
to bow out owes nothing to issues of strategy. A spate of management changes
elsewhere in the industry suggests more general pressures - the more
aggressive attitude of governments on drugs prices being a case in point.
Merck has so far made a reasonable fist of adapting to tougher conditions.
Its joint venture with Johnson &amp; Johnson in over-the-counter medicines dates
from 1989, for example, while Glaxo has yet to announce its plans in this
area.
That might explain the relaxed attitude of investors yesterday. But Merck
has yet to prove that it can bargain successfully with bulk buyers of
healthcare in the US. It remains to be seen whether the policy of
discounting to defend market share introduced by Mr Markham is carried
forward. Either way, Merck - like others in the industry - will remain under
pressure to cut costs in the interest of earnings growth, even if that means
management friction and the sacrifice of sacred cows.
