FT  10 APR 93 / The Lex Column: UK water
The thirst for a secure yield is working to the advantage of water
companies. The sector is close to the high point relative to the market
reached last August. Sterling was then shackled to the ERM and the outlook
elsewhere was grim. Given the brighter industrial picture, the relative
attractions of water might be expected to diminish. But that allows neither
for the dwindling returns on cash, nor for dividend cuts by other high-yield
stocks. The chancellor has meanwhile helped the cause by reducing the tax
credit on dividends paid to gross funds.
Water companies are unlikely to compensate gross funds for lost income. With
dividends covered around three times by earnings, most could afford to do
so. But such action would have to be explained to the regulator. The
companies might also prefer to conserve cover in case of tougher times
following next year's regulatory review. Yield support may thus imply a cap
on prices. The yield premium of the sector to the rest of the market is
already below 20 per cent. Things could get turbulent as the shares start to
trade ex-dividend.
Capital expenditure plans for the second half of the decade have not been
finalised, let alone the rate of return on capital the regulator will allow.
With the medium-term prospects so uncertain, the market is naturally
inclined to concentrate on the immediate attraction of yield. That looks
short-sighted, when there is now only a year to go before hard bargaining
begins with the regulator.
