FT  01 JUL 93 / The Lex Column: GEC
The travails of technology companies around the world from IBM to Philips
and Olivetti go some way to justifying the caution of Lord Weinstock and
GEC. Consumer electronics and basic computing have become cut-throat
commodity businesses. GEC's refusal to expand into such markets earned it
many critics in the late 1980s; it now looks more sensible. Meanwhile the
traditional focus on cost reduction has cut working capital by a further
Pounds 176m in the year just ended, albeit helped by advance customer
payments.
Of the main operations GEC Alsthom, the power generation and transport joint
venture has exploited worldwide demand for combined cycle gas equipment.
Admittedly it is low margin business, but potential for expansion in Asia
compensates for that. Defence has increased its order book by 9 per cent
despite cuts in western defence budgets. Telecommunications has suffered
from the reduction in BT's capital programme, but even this division will
benefit in future from System X upgrading and more sophisticated software
development.
GEC has shifted away from its dependence on the UK government and is also
moving towards less capital intensive manufacturing areas. It stands a
better chance of earning good margins in such businesses as air traffic
control and medical systems. The market has markedly changed its view on the
company despite the predictable earnings track. Yet GEC's capacity to
capitalise on its current position will still depend on its political access
to governments worldwide. That can never be fully guaranteed.
