FT  22 DEC 93 / The Lex Column: Williams Holdings
Disposing of the bulk of its engineering division to management will not
transform Williams Holdings' balance sheet. Of the Pounds 40m proceeds,
Pounds 15m is being ploughed back into the business as debt finance for the
MBO team. The Pounds 25m cash realised from the sale compares with net debt
of over Pounds 200m at the last count. Since the transaction is likely to
dilute earnings per share, the stock market might be forgiven for being
underwhelmed. An exit multiple of around 12 times this year's earnings
underlines the fact that trade investors are not prepared to pay the kind of
heady prices that equity investors now take for granted.
The deal is unlikely to open the floodgates to a wave of similar disposals.
Fairey bridges, the only part of the engineering division which has been
retained, generates erratic profits and needs a large parent. Williams
cannot therefore rely on its entrepreneurial management to provide an early
exit. The electronics division, which is linked to the fortunes of its
customers in the German automotive sector, would be hard to sell at this
point in the cycle.
The rating of its shares might improve if Williams can gradually pay down
debt and reduce its sprawling empire. Raising equity to finance smaller
deals - such as the share placing which helped fund the acquisition of
Thorn's fire extinguisher business earlier in the year - would become a more
attractive option. But with the prospects for disposals so limited, Williams
will have to apply itself to generating more cash from existing businesses
to reduce its debt.
