FT  24 JUL 93 / The Lex Column: Wellcome
Wellcome's victory in the first round of its fight to defend the patent of
AZT, its HIV treatment, came as a relief in a week of bad news for the
pharmaceuticals sector. Since the court case will almost certainly go to
appeal, though, it is too early to open the champagne. One can only hope
that management time spent defending AZT - first against medical studies
which questioned its efficiency and now in court - did not distract from
other tasks.
While AZT still holds promise, the engine for growth is more likely to come
from Zovirax, Wellcome's anti-viral drug. The broader question is whether
drugs companies will have to learn to live with litigation. Few compounds
unearthed in research survive to become marketable drugs. Boots' decision to
withdraw its heart drug Manoplax after Pounds 100m development underlines
the risks. If patent protection for the successful few is increasingly
called into question, drugs companies will be more risky investments.
Generic drugs producers in North America are certainly more willing to take
legal pot-shots, especially where the prize is great. Glaxo's defence next
month of the US patent of Zantac, its big-selling ulcer treatment, against a
generics company is a case in point.
The market is left with the tricky task of assessing the probability of
failure. Given the highly technical nature of the arguments, it is only
natural to err on the side of caution. The worry is that the threat of
litigation, like the threat of regulation, will not go away.
