FT  05 APR 94 / The Lex Column: Regulating the flow
Signs of unease among City institutions must increase the chances that at
least one of the UK water companies will appeal to the Monopolies and
Mergers Commission this summer. The regulator will not want to provoke a
wholesale revolt. But Ofwat might reason that an appeal or two might be an
acceptable price to pay for keeping water bills as low as possible. Since
both the Prudential and BZW Investment Management have questioned Ofwat's
methodology, the companies must also take encouragement that the regulator's
intellectual case is far from watertight.
Yet deciding under what circumstances a company should appeal is far from
easy. A price limit which looked likely to drive interest cover down close
to two times would certainly qualify, on the grounds that the company would
be unable to borrow enough to finance capital investment. But the pain
threshold for equity investors would be reached some way above. If the banks
were uncertain about interest cover, there would be little left over for
dividend growth.
The issue turns on what level of dividend growth is acceptable. On Ofwat's
view that water is a relatively low-risk business, dividend growth below the
market average would be acceptable. Yet that view is difficult to square
with the regulatory uncertainties and risks inherent in such large capital
spending programmes. On that basis, real dividend growth of 3 or 4 per cent
 -around the long-term equity market average - might be the minimum that
companies and their shareholders will be inclined to accept.
