FT  30 SEP 94 / International Company News: Guber gives up chair at Sony
Pictures
Mr Peter Guber is stepping down as chairman of Sony Pictures, the
Hollywood-based movie studio owned by the giant Japanese electronics group.
Although Mr Guber will retain ties with Sony through a new, unspecified,
entertainment venture which the Japanese company will help finance, his
departure is almost certainly linked to the poor recent performance of films
produced by Sony's two main units, Columbia Pictures and TriStar Pictures.
Under Mr Guber - renowned in Hollywood for spending vast sums of money on
the studio and big-budget films - Sony in 1993 lost money on its US movie
business for the first time in four years.
Expensive box-office flops, such as the Arnold Schwarzenegger action movie
Last Action Hero, were to blame. The studio has fared little better this
year, registering several big disappointments such as City Slickers 2 and
the Jack Nicholson werewolf film Wolf. By the start of this month, Sony
Pictures' share of the US box office had dropped to 11 per cent from 17.5
per cent in 1993.
Mr Guber's resignation will come as no surprise to Hollywood insiders.
Speculation that he would lose his job because of Sony Pictures' poor recent
track record began to build late last month, when Sony appointed Mr Jeff
Sagansky, the former head of programming at the CBS television network, as
head of its US film, music and electronic publishing divisions. Mr Sagansky
was instrumental in reviving the fortunes of CBS's prime-time programming
during the early 1990s, and he ran TriStar Pictures before moving to the
network in 1989.
Yet, in spite of his Hollywood experience, Mr Sagansky is not stepping into
Mr Guber's shoes. Sony said yesterday Mr Alan Levine, Sony Pictures'
president and chief operating officer, would run the studio.
