FT  23 DEC 94 / The Lex Column: UK economy
A current account surplus for the UK is exciting by its very novelty. The
last time the country posted a quarterly surplus was in 1987. The
chancellor's enthusiasm yesterday was therefore wholly understandable.
Whether the surplus remains sustainable is another matter. Exports, which
have put in a powerful performance so far this year, should not be the
problem. Take the automotive industry: year-on-year quarterly car production
was up 11.5 per cent. While output for the home market was up only 2.6 per
cent, production for export rose 27 per cent. Such achievements should be
sustained in this and other sectors as the continental economies continue to
recover.
The difficulties lie on the imports side. Domestic consumption may have
stayed depressed over the past 12 months, but that is no guarantee it will
remain so next year. The quarter-on-quarter increase in the personal saving
ratio from 9.6 per cent to 10.5 per cent indicates the possibility of a
recovery in consumer confidence. So, too, does the improvement in employment
prospects. Imports could also be boosted by an increase in industrial
investment. Corporate liquidity is high, but investment this year has been
hesitant. With many industries running close to capacity, the corporate
sector will have to start installing machinery often imported from overseas.
The chancellor can afford to crow over his quarterly surplus, but not too
loudly. It could deteriorate into deficit all too quickly.
