FT  17 OCT 94 / The Lex Column: Chemical industry
ICI's shares endured a torrid end to last week, falling nearly 3 per cent in
two days. That was the culmination of an 8.6 per cent decline since the
start of August. Its performance, and that of other European commodity
chemicals stocks, is bizarre because of the global shortage of ethylene, the
basic building block for plastics.
In the US, demand has been so strong that production problems at two plants
have caused physical shortages. Spot ethylene prices, which at the start of
the year were as low as 13 cents a pound, have recently reached 48 cents.
Wall Street has taken this on board; chemicals have been the best performing
sector in the US market over the past 12 months. Dow's shares have
outperformed by 20 per cent, Geon's by 42 per cent, and Union Carbide's by
54 per cent. Prices may pause momentarily as capacity comes back on stream
and a few new plants start up, but the market looks set to remain tight for
at least two years.
For European chemicals companies, any pause in US prices is an irrelevance
because of the low volumes of US chemical exports. Strong demand has helped
European ethylene prices climb 23 per cent in the past two quarters. Such
price rises and volume growth should help generate a bumper third quarter.
Yet apart from the Netherlands' DSM, European stocks heavily involved in
petrochemicals have failed fully to emulate their US counterparts. BASF has
outperformed the market by just 8 per cent in the past 12 months, ICI by
only 13 per cent. It is time for a rerating of European commodity chemicals
stocks.
