FT  03 MAY 94 / The Lex Column: European telecoms
The choice of European telecoms stocks has traditionally been so restricted
that last week's enthusiasm for the Tele Danmark flotation is hardly
surprising. Not only was the Dollars 3bn international offering four times
oversubscribed but the shares immediately went to a 7 per cent premium.
Investors, who have in the past had limited chance to buy telecoms stocks
because most are still state-owned, understandably wanted to pile into the
Tele Danmark issue.
But with a flood of other European telecoms offerings due over the next few
years, repeat performances cannot be guaranteed. Holland's KPN is next in
line, with its marketing campaign due to begin this week. Italy's STET,
Greece's OTE and Germany's Deutsche Telekom are expected to follow in quick
succession. The Portuguese and Belgian phone companies may not be far
behind.
With such an abundance of stocks to choose from, investors are bound to
become more discriminating. But how are they to decide which offer the best
value? Yield comparisons are too crude: Tele Danmark's yield is lower than
both BT's and the average of the US Baby Bells, but it has much greater
scope to rationalise its operations and so increase dividends. European
investors are new to the art of making valuation comparisons between telecom
stocks. Their US counterparts are more familiar with the techniques which
involve looking at a wide range of yardsticks. US shareholders snapped up a
high 41 per cent of the Tele Danmark issue. That looks like smart money
spotting a good opportunity.
