FT  27 OCT 94 / World Trade News: Skoda unveils new family car
Skoda, Czech subsidiary of Volkswagen, yesterday launched its first new car
range since its takeover by the German carmaker in 1991. The Felicia small
family car will replace the Favorit range, and comes as the Prague
government appears close to allowing VW to take a majority 50.5 per cent
stake in Skoda. The German company, which bought 31 per cent in 1991 for
DM620m (Dollars 413m), is set to take 70 per cent by the end of 1995 with
the investment of a further DM780m. VW's abrupt move last year to more than
halve its overall investment plan for Skoda by the end of the decade to only
DM3.7bn has soured relations with Prague. However, Czech fears about VW's
commitment appear to have been calmed by pledges to continue developing a
second car range for Skoda, to be launched in late 1996.
Mr Detlev Schmidt, Skoda sales director, outlined ambitious plans yesterday
for expanding the company's worldwide sales and distribution network.
Dealerships were raised from 1,522 at the end of 1991 to 2,100 two years
later and are due to reach 2,500 this year and 4,000 by the end of the
decade. The number of markets in which Skoda cars are sold will rise from 20
in 1991 to 57 by the end of this year, and around 36 new ones are under
study. It has opened up markets above all in Asia, the Middle East and South
America.
The Felicia, developed over the past three years as a far-reaching
modernisation of the Favorit incorporating 1,600 new parts, will be the
first to be offered with VW engines in some versions.
