FT  12 NOV 94 / Weekend Money (Companies): Shell - Pick of Lex / A selection
of comments from this week's FT
Shell's rock-solid balance sheet, which includes Pounds 7.8bn in cash and
securities, made the Anglo-Dutch company a safe haven during recession. But
the company's financial strength makes it less attractive for investors at
this stage of the cycle. Shell is under-geared compared with its rivals, so
an equivalent rise in operating profits would have less of an impact on
earnings.
The operational benefits of recovery are also less marked. The group avoided
the sort of crisis that forced BP to cut staff by 35 per cent in just three
years. Without such problems, Shell has found cost-cutting harder to
implement. That was apparent in Thursday's results. For the three months to
September, Shell's replacement cost operating profits, excluding one-off
items, increased quarter on quarter by just 14 per cent. Most oil majors
posted results up between 20 per cent and 30 per cent.
Shell's lack of financial and operating gearing does not necessarily mean
investors should switch into BP. Both Shell and its UK rival are near record
highs. Shell, with a prospective price earnings ratio for 1995 of 15, and BP
at 13.4, are both at slight premiums to the market. That is unusual for oil
companies which, traditionally, grow more slowly than the economy. The
groups' yields offer no great incentive either. BP has outperformed the
market by 25 per cent since April and Shell by 10 per cent. That is enough
for now.
