FT  10 JUN 94 / The Lex Column: Cash power
PowerGen will have its work cut out to invest all the cash generated by its
core UK generation business. In the last financial year, it only avoided a
cash mountain by paying GEC Pounds 483m upfront for the construction of a
new gas station. Even then, gearing only rose to 15 per cent.
Net cash inflow from the core business, after tax and dividends, will
average around Pounds 200m a year between now and the end of the century.
PowerGen's plans for deploying this cash contrast with National Power's.
While its larger rival has set its sights on investing Pounds 1bn overseas,
PowerGen's international ambitions are more modest. True, it will build
stations abroad if the returns are right. But its main thrust is to expand
in the UK through buying offshore gas and supplying gas via its Kinetica
joint venture.
The strategy has merit provided it is not carried too far. PowerGen's
expertise in supplying large electricity consumers is relevant to Kinetica's
business of supplying large gas consumers. It also makes sense for PowerGen
to own sufficient gas both for its own needs and to supply Kinetica. But it
is hard to see the company adding value if it extended these activities more
broadly. There would be little point in entering the domestic gas market
since it has no competence in supplying small consumers. Equally, PowerGen
has no expertise relevant to managing gas fields. To be fair, the company so
far shows no signs of splashing out in either way. But that brings it back
to the problem of how to spend its cash flow. Unless it can find other
profitable investments, the cash would be better handed back to investors.
