FT  09 DEC 94 / The Lex Column: Great Universal Stores
Like East Midlands Electricity, Great Universal Stores argues that a special
dividend is the fairer way of repatriating surplus cash to shareholders -
fairer, that is, than a Boots-style share buy-back. To some extent, this is
true, as all GUS shareholders get the 30p-a-share dividend, whereas in
practice the method by which Boots bought back its shares favoured
institutional investors over private shareholders. But how fair the GUS move
is depends on the investor's tax position. While those institutions which
pay no tax will appreciate the dividend bonanza, private investors who are
high rate tax-payers face a tax bill in addition to a paper loss on GUS
shares. They fell yesterday by 35p, more than the 30p a share special
payout. The near 7 per cent drop in the share price is not just a technical
adjustment to a share going ex-dividend. It reflects disgruntlement over the
size of the payout - Pounds 300m out of a cash pile five times as big - and
the modest earnings dilution expected for 1995.
This criticism is fair enough but the share price reaction is overdone. By
its own conservative standards GUS is becoming more adventurous. The
enfranchisement of shareholders last year and now the special dividend show
the group taking investors' interests more seriously than in the past.
Moreover, the solidity of the underlying business, proven over decades, is
once again underscored by the 11 per cent increase in operating profits in
the first half. Looking out to 1995, the price fall yesterday has put the
shares back on a market rating; they deserve to regain a premium.
