FT  07 JUL 94 / The Lex Column: Equity trading
The Treasury will be pleased if measures to discourage short-selling -
backed yesterday by Mr Andrew Large, chairmen of the Securities and
Investments Board - are introduced before it sells its remaining stakes in
National Power and PowerGen. The government's last foray into the equity
market, the BT3 share offer, was blackened by allegations that the share
price had been driven down by short-sellers. Eurotunnel and Wellcome have
made similar complaints.
Since short-selling is an integral part of modern securities markets, an
outright ban would be a retrograde step. But the case for greater
transparency is strong. The hardline option would be to demand immediate
publication of all short sales going into a secondary offer. The
perpetrators could then be denied an allocation of shares. Yet publication
of the aggregate short position across the market might do just as well. The
market would then be able to see what lay behind a falling share price.
Speculative short-selling could not be used as a convenient scapegoat for a
badly-timed deal.
Such a publication requirement, perhaps combined with a US-style 'uptick
rule' which allowed short-selling only when the last movement in the shares
was up, would go a long way towards solving the problem. The move to
five-day rolling settlement planned for next year might also help by
allowing companies to see changes in their share register much faster than
the current system allows.
