FT  11 NOV 94 / UN seeks aid for Afghanistan
The United Nations yesterday launched a Dollars 106m appeal for humanitarian
aid for Afghanistan amid fears that the onset of winter will soon bring
additional suffering to the country. With no end in sight to the battles
between militia groups which have plagued Afghanistan since the departure of
Soviet troops in 1989, the UN is making desperate efforts to relieve the
misery for ordinary Afghans, including 500,000 who have abandoned their
homes in the past year. Most have fled Kabul, which has lost a third of its
population since January 1, when rival commanders started battling for
control of the city. In addition, the UN is assisting about 3m refugees
still living in camps in Iran and Pakistan and about 2m who have returned to
their homes in Afghanistan. UN officials say that even taking into account
Bosnia and Rwanda, Afghanistan remained their biggest relief operation in
the world. The latest appeal will fund operations until next autumn and
follows a similar appeal which raised Dollars 60m last year.
The officials, who visited Kabul this week, described life in the city as
grim, with shortages of food, fuel and medicines compounding the effects of
frequent rocket bombardments and street fights. They said about 120,000
people were still living in the districts directly under attack, mostly
because they were too poor to move anywhere else. With the temperatures
dropping, they face cold and hunger, particularly as relief supplies to the
city have been repeatedly interrupted by a blockade imposed by mujahideen
fighters.
