FT  22 FEB 94 / International Company News: Kersaf first-half profit up 15%
Strong performances from its hotel, casino and cinema interests boosted
interim results at Kersaf Investments, the South African-based leisure
group. Pre-tax profit advanced 15 per cent to R233.9m (Dollars 67.7m) from
R202.9m in the half-year to December 31.
Earnings improved 13 per cent to 119 cents a share, but the interim dividend
is increased by only 3 cents to 69 cents, covered 1.7 times against 1.6
times last year.
Mr Buddy Hawton, executive chairman, said the increase in retained earnings
stemmed from 'traditionally inadequate' dividend cover, which needed to be
raised for further investments and to run down long-term debt. He said
Kersaf's focus on the entertainments business left it vulnerable to
political instability ahead of elections in April, hence the need to be
prudent.
In addition, the group's acquisition of the City Lodge hotel chain in
December, settled by issuing new scrip, meant the group would be servicing
more shares. Mr Hawton said it was difficult to be more optimistic than to
predict satisfactory growth by year-end in the current political climate.
The 20 per cent increase in turnover to R1.18bn from R999.6m reflected the
strong interim showing by Sun International, in which Kersaf has an 80 per
cent stake.
Operating profit rose to R256.7m from R210.7m, before a rise in net
borrowing costs to R22.8m from R7.8m. Income from associates improved to
R42.5m from R36.8m, and after-tax profit climbed to R224.1m from R189.5m.
