FT  18 JAN 94 / Arts: Old Master sales set the auction houses off to a good
start
If optimism is the life blood of the art market, 1994 got off to the perfect
start in New York last week when Old Master pictures, not the easiest
objects to sell to the uncultured rich, did remarkably well. Christie's sale
brought in Dollars 15m. (Pounds 10m.) and was 90 per cent sold, with a still
life by Van Huysum far exceeding its Dollars 1.5m. estimate at Dollars 2.6m.
Sotheby's did equally well. There were doubts about the the late Peter Jay
Sharp's collection, not about the quality but the fact that Sharp had bought
them in the previous ten years to furnish his Park Avenue apartment and
consequently they were not entirely fresh on the market. In the event
connoisseurship told, and 68 of the 77 lots offered sold, for a collective
Dollars 19.3m, with less than 5 per cent bought in by value.
The general Old Master sale at Sotheby's on Friday totalled Dollars 13.7m
and was 75 per cent sold. A view of the Ducal Palace in Venice by Canaletto
made Dollars 1.4m as against an Dollars 800,000 top estimate, and a view by
John Cleveley the Elder of Royal yachts on the Thames at Greenwich sold for
Dollars 552,500, a record for the 18th century artist and way ahead of the
Dollars 150,000 top estimate.
DeDe Brooks, the new chief executive at Sotheby's, said yesterday that the
company had returned to profit in the final quarter of 1993. The year's
turnover of Dollars 1.3b was still well below the record Dollars 2.9b of
1989 but the corner had been turned. The strong demand for jewels was a key
factor. They contributed Dollars 200m as against Dollars 260m for the
traditional money maker, Impressionist and Modern art. In 1989 jewels were
worth Dollars 150m. and Impressionist and Modern pictures Dollars 800m.
