FT  21 APR 94 / International Company News: Dasa pushed to record deficit by
restructuring
Restructuring costs totalling DM1.1bn (Dollars 647m) pushed Deutsche
Aerospace (Dasa), the civil and military aerospace arm of Daimler-Benz, to a
record group net loss of DM694m last year, more than double the deficit for
1992.
Mr Jurgen Schrempp, chief executive, warned yesterday that 1994 would be
another difficult year, but he expected the group to be back in the black by
1995.
The most painful part of the group's programme of cost-cutting and capacity
reduction - involving at least 16,000 job losses by 1996 - had been set in
train, he said. The payroll was cut by 8,200 last year to 86,000. The
redundancies accounted for a large part of the one-off restructuring costs.
Although the sharp cut in Germany's defence spending was an important factor
behind a 10 per cent drop in turnover, down to DM18.6bn from DM20.65bn, Mr
Schrempp expressed optimism about the continuing importance of defence
technology to Dasa.
The military share of the group's turnover had been cut over the past four
years to just 27 per cent from more than 50 per cent, he said, but he was
confident German government spending on military research and development,
at 18 per cent of the budget, could be reduced no further.
Mr Schrempp trimmed his confidence about returning to the black by 1995 with
the proviso 'that the political-economic environment is not going from bad
to worse'.
Dasa's share in the profits of Airbus Industrie, in which it has a 37.9 per
cent stake, amounted to just DM160m in 1993, compared with DM411m in 1992.
This has to be set against three-figure losses in the other aerospace
subsidiaries - Dornier, Eurocopter, Fokker and MTU, its aero-engine
manufacturer.
Fokker, the Dutch aircraft manufacturer in which Dasa acquired a controlling
interest 12 months ago, will have a new capital injection in the course of
1994, according to Mr Manfred Bischoff, the group finance director. He said
in spite of heavy initial losses, 'there is no reason to panic'.
Mr Schrempp expected Fokker to break even by 1995, and produce profits from
1996. The company had drawn up 'a promising adjustment programme,' he said.
'We will show that Dutch-German co-operation can work excellently.'
