FT  27 OCT 94 / UK Company News: Rentokil Dollars 8m indoor plants buy
Rentokil, the environmental and property services group, has continued to
expand its tropical plants business, which supplies and maintains decorative
trees and indoor plants in commercial settings, via an Dollars 8m (Pounds
5m) acquisition.
Foliage Plant Systems operates a tropical plant rental and service business
in New Jersey and New York, with branches in Boston, Washington, Hartford
and Philadelphia.
It will be added to Rentokil's existing US tropical plants business, which
is the market leader. Last year it pushed sales up 35 per cent to Pounds
40.9m.
Foliage Plant Systems had sales of Dollars 7.6m last year. The consideration
is payable in cash, with Dollars 1.5 million deferred, subject to the
achievement of certain targets.
Rentokil moved into the plants business in 1986 when it bought Plants at
Work. More than 40 acquisitions later it claims market leadership in about a
dozen countries.
Mr Clive Thompson, chief executive, said he was very pleased with the
progress of Securiguard, the UK security group bought for Pounds 76m last
year. He intended to develop the security business in the UK, and perhaps in
the US.
Mr Thompson said the group was represented in all of the main developed
countries. He had no intention of entering new countries. The only possible
exception was Mexico, which seemed a suitable area for the core activities -
tropical plants, healthcare and pest control.
Rentokil yesterday also announced five small bolt-on acquisitions, although
the turnover and cash considerations involved came to less than Pounds 1m
for all five.
Two of the acquisitions were pest control companies - Commercial Pest
Elimination of Florida, and Servyrep in northern Spain. K&amp;L Hygiene
Services, in northern Germany, and Waterloo Services Company, based in
London, are both hygiene businesses. Allens Indoor Gardens of Brisbane will
be added to the group's tropical plants business in Australia.
