FT  21 SEP 94 / International Company News: Azucarera counter-offer backed
The Spanish government has backed a domestic counter-offer for General
Azucarera, Spain's second-largest sugar company, rejecting a Pta5,100 per
share offer made by Generale Sucriere, a subsidiary of Saint-Louis, the
French food and paper group, and the UK's Tate &amp; Lyle.
Acor, Spain's third-largest sugar producer, has matched the offer in
co-operation with Banco Popular, the domestic retail bank and Acor's
traditional financial adviser, and Refinera de Portugal, the Portuguese
sugar cane refiner. Acor, which is owned on a co-operative basis by sugar
beet farmers, is seeking 30 per cent of Azucarera, with the Popular group
acquiring 10 per cent on a temporary basis and Refinera de Portugal looking
for 7 per cent.
Banco Central Hispano (BCH) agreed in July to a Pta20bn (Dollars 155m) sale
of its 47 per cent stake to Generale Sucriere and Tate &amp; Lyle, which already
jointly control 20 per cent. However, the agriculture ministry, which has
taken action in the past to prevent foreign takeovers of Spain's edible oils
sector, delayed the sale to the end of September.
BCH, which is anxious to maintain Azucarera's banking business after the
disposal of its share holding in the company, said it would be seeking
clarification directly from the agriculture ministry over the new offer for
its shares. It is understood to be aggrieved that its rival Popular group is
at the centre of the counter bid. 'Our view is the disposal should be good
for the sugar sector, good for Azucarera and good for BCH,' the bank said.
Industry analysts said, however, that BCH would probably have no option
other than to accept Acor's offer. 'BCH needs to sell out and raise
liquidity, but it is clear that the government does not want part of Spain's
EU sugar quota passing into foreign hands,' said Mr Juan Cueto, of
Ibersecurities, Madrid.
