FT  09 MAY 94 / The Lex Column: Pharmacia
Sweden's decision to press ahead with the privatisation of Pharmacia must
come as a relief to the company's management. The drugs group has been a
pawn in a game of industrial chess ever since Volvo bought its stake nine
years ago. The subsequent acquisition spree in Sweden and merger with
Procordia can only have been a distraction from the serious business of
running an international pharmaceuticals group. A trading margin of 14 per
cent - against an industry average in the high 20's - hints at how much work
remains to be done.
Rationalisation should allow Pharmacia to deliver higher earnings over the
next year or two even if sales growth proves elusive. There is nothing in
the company's diverse portfolio of drugs likely to push it into the same
growth league as Astra, Sweden's glamour pharmaceuticals stock. But neither
does Pharmacia rely on a single blockbuster drug or face any damaging patent
expiries. If management can deliver cost-savings, Pharmacia could be a
low-risk bet during a difficult period for the sector.
With the shares yielding around 2.5 per cent, compared with nearly 6 per
cent for Glaxo, international investors will have to be convinced of this
logic if privatisation is to be a runaway success. The eventual sale of
Volvo's 28 per cent stake - although at least 18 months away - and the
government's remaining 10 per cent interest could make it difficult for the
shares to perform even after next month's offering has been digested.
