FT  09 FEB 94 / The Lex Column: Reuters
The fear about Reuters was that it had lost its growth momentum. But it now
appears that the stalling in the rate of screen installations at the end of
the 1980s reflected the cyclical downturn in financial markets rather than a
terminal decline in prospects. Reuters' annual results certainly highlight a
strong upturn in activity. Even when currency gains are stripped out,
Reuters achieved double-digit revenue growth in the second half of 1993 and
forecast that trend would continue this year. Instinet has been the star
performer, almost tripling its profits contribution to Pounds 38m. Moreover,
although Reuters' prices may not rise in 1994, its margins should still
widen due to an improving product mix.
Despite its Pounds 350m share buy-back scheme, Reuters ended the year with
Pounds 450m in the bank. An increasing rate of installations, higher
research and development costs and recent acquisitions will absorb much of
this year's cash flow. But Reuters retains substantial resources to back the
seedcorn investments it has scattered in other fields should any promise to
sprout shoots.
In the short run, Reuters will have to work hard to make sense of Quotron,
which is experiencing a high rate of cancellations reducing its subscription
base to well below 40,000. The uncertain future of Globex may also cause
some anxious moments. But the chief concern of investors will be how great a
premium they are prepared to pay for what is now the UK's biggest media
business. Reuters' rating of 27 times 1993 earnings is certainly racy. Then
again, many other media stocks sit on just as fat multiples with far less
justification.
