FT  07 DEC 94 / International Company News: Record year at Deere put down to
confidence
Deere and Company, one of the world's largest farm equipment producers,
reported record profits for the fourth quarter and the year, saying growing
confidence among farmers in North America and in Europe has contributed to
strong sales.
Mr Hans Becherer, Deere chairman, said near-record net farm cash income in
the US this year 'should provide a solid base for 1995 farm expenditures,'
and that the implementation of Nafta and growing incomes in developing
countries such as China and India should promote better export markets for
US grains and oilseeds.
As a result, Deere said it would expand its North American production
tonnage schedules by 4 per cent in 1995, with the largest boost planned for
the first quarter of next year. At the same time, as part of a continuing
restructuring in Europe, overseas production tonnage will decline by about 6
per cent.
Mr Becherer said that in spite of the lower initial level of production,
'overseas operations are expected to show continued improvement'.
For the fourth quarter, Deere reported net income of Dollars 169.6m, or
Dollars 1.97 a share, compared with income of Dollars 93.1m, or Dollars
1.20, before special accounting and restructuring charges, in last year's
fourth quarter.
Sales in the quarter rose 16 per cent to Dollars 2.5bn, from 1993's Dollars
2.2bn. Of that total, Dollars 515m was outside North America. For the year,
Deere reported net income of Dollars 603.6m, or Dollars 7.01 a share, up
from last year's Dollars 248m, or Dollars 3.21, before special charges.
Full-year sales, including Deere's financial services businesses, were up 16
per cent, to Dollars 9bn, from last year's Dollars 7.75bn. Deere said
Dollars 1.8bn of its revenues this year came from outside North America.
