FT  21 JUN 94 / The Lex Column: Electra
Electra Investment Trust has often been compared to 3i, the venture capital
group on the point of being floated. But 3i's advisers, who are to announce
the launch price tomorrow, will be hoping investors do not take the analogy
too far. Not that there is any reason to complain about Electra's underlying
performance. Its interim results - in particular, the 11.6 per cent rise in
net assets over the half year to the end of March - exceeded expectations.
It is rather that Electra is now trading on a 17 per cent discount to net
assets. The implied discount on its unquoted investments is even greater if
its quoted investments are valued at average market discounts. 3i is thought
to be looking for a 13 per cent discount.
There are, of course, real differences between the two groups. 3i invests in
smaller companies, which are expected to outperform larger companies at this
stage of the economic cycle. Moreover, many of 3i's stakes are valued on the
basis of earnings relating to the year to June 1993 or earlier. Since then
profits will, in most cases, have moved ahead strongly. It could also be
argued that Electra's discount to net assets is only so large because of
yesterday's sharp fall in the equity market. Its shares rose only 9p,
despite net assets per share exceeding expectations by about 30p. The snag
is that this point cuts both ways. 3i may have to accept a fractionally
larger discount, given it is being floated on choppy waters.
