FT  13 AUG 94 / The Lex Column: Unilever
It is becoming traditional for Unilever's shares to move 5 per cent on the
announcement of its quarterly figures. In May they fell 57p, yesterday they
rose 55p. The jump this time was partly due to relief that there was no
obvious damage from the European soap wars. On the contrary, Unilever's
decision to turn off the promotional spending in markets where the
introduction of Omo Power went badly probably meant that short-term profits
actually benefited from the fuss. Since concentrated fabric powders
represent less than 2 per cent of Unilever's turnover, it is not material
anyway.
More important are signs that volume growth across the group has turned up.
After seeing growth fall from 2 1/2 per cent in the first half of last year
to 1 1/2 per cent in the second it is now creeping back up to 2 per cent.
The South American and Asian businesses stepped up another gear and in North
America growth is close to the group target of 4 per cent. But the consumer
businesses on both sides of the Atlantic have yet to respond and while the
detergent price war in the US has eased, Unilever's main markets are likely
to remain competitive even when economic recovery works through.
While the benefits of the cost-reduction programme announced in February
should kick in strongly next year, earnings growth is unlikely to match
companies more geared to European economic recovery. Despite the solid
long-term prospects, the share's modest rating is only to be expected at
this stage in the cycle.
