FT  22 JAN 94 / The Lex Column: UK savings
It is surely no coincidence that the government announced a review of
building society regulation on the same day its new National Savings bond
was launched. After the argument over the First Option Bond - which was
withdrawn in 1992 when societies threatened to raise mortgage rates - the
government is clearly keen to avoid another spat. Yet the 7 per cent yield
on the new five-year income bond is probably the minimum required to satisfy
pensioners. And reform to allow building societies greater access to the
wholesale money markets would make competition from National Savings easier
to bear.
Even without the latest National Savings launch, building societies have
been fighting a losing battle for deposits. The Pounds 121m outflow in
December announced yesterday underlines the point. A rise in the wholesale
funding limit - currently 40 per cent - would clear the way for another
round of Eurobond issues by societies. That would help them to defend their
share of the mortgage market against banks when the housing market turns.
Pushing the wholesale funding limit above 50 per cent would be tricky.
Societies' mutual status relies on the majority of their funds coming from
members. That might involve a wider review of legislation than the
government is prepared to undertake. Making it easier for societies to
convert into banks - as the Treasury has hinted it might - would provide an
escape route for those which found the straightjacket of regulation too
tight. The steady decline in the number of building societies - from almost
2,000 at the turn of the century to 105 today - might then have further to
go.
