FT  29 NOV 94 / Observer: Uneconomic in quotes
Without wishing to proffer needless encouragement to garrulous economists on
this of all days, now also happens to be open season for the FT's fame
ratings - an exercise in its third year which ranks UK economists according
to the frequency of their mentions in domestic newspapers over the past 12
months.
Surprise vaulter to pole position for 1994 is last year's number 12, Simon
Briscoe, an ex-Treasury number cruncher at SG Warburg, whose mastery of the
ready quote earns him 221 mentions. He has thrashed - by 70 plus points -
the next placed economist, Gavyn 'wise man' Davies of Goldman Sachs. Davies,
third in 1993 and top the year before, put in a sturdier performance than
other members of the chancellor's team of 'wise men', with Tim Congdon
slipping from first to ninth. Wynne Godley and David Currie - who both leave
Clarke's panel at the end of next year - come in at 17th and 35th, down from
fifth and 12th respectively.
If the chancellor cared to run the fame metre over prospective new wise men,
he would observe the needle flickering above Citibank's Neil Mackinnon, in
third place from eighth, and Salomon's Michael Saunders, who climbs up 11
places to sixth. But watch out for HSBC's Ian Shepherdson, who has leapt an
unheard-of 23 rungs of the ladder to fourth spot. By contrast, BZW's Derek
Scott, the new economic adviser to Labour leader Tony Blair, still seems to
be having some difficulty getting his message across. He remains stuck at
48th, albeit one place above Colin Mowl, the Treasury's chief forecaster.
