FT  27 AUG 94 / The Lex Column: Germany
At first glance it is startling that the German equity market stands lower
than at the start of the year. In January the government's 1.5 per cent
growth forecast was regarded as optimistic. Growth of at least 2.5 per cent
this year is now taken for granted. This brighter outlook is already feeding
through into corporate earnings: half-year results this week from the big
German chemicals companies showed an impressive recovery. Loss-makers such
as Volkswagen and Lufthansa have moved back into the black ahead of time.
The mix of modest growth and restructuring is having a powerful effect.
While the earnings recovery has come sooner than expected, though, forecasts
of the next profits peak in 1996 or 1997 have not been changed. The practice
of valuing shares in this manner is especially strong in Germany - thanks to
the predominance of highly cyclical capital goods companies. On a multiple
of around 12 times 1997 forecast earnings it is difficult to argue that
German equities are cheap. The best that can be said is that forecasts which
looked extremely doubtful at the start of the year now have a greater degree
of certainty.
Despite the good news from the corporate sector, then, the tone will
continue to be set by bonds. The equity market's recovery through June and
July owed more to falling bond yields than optimism ahead of the results
season. Having discounted so much so far in advance, there is little reason
for equities to move higher.
