FT  13 DEC 94 / International Company News: Vereinsbank holds decline to 2%
at operating level
Bayerische Vereinsbank yesterday rounded off the autumn reporting season of
Germany's big banks by producing results which showed a greater resilience
to this year's tough trading conditions than most of its competitors.
In spite of a collapse in profits from trading on its own account - caused
by the weakness in bond markets - group operating profits for the first 10
months were only 2 per cent lower, at DM901m (Dollars 571m) than in the same
period of 1993.
Higher mortgage lending and lower risk provisions kept the decline in check.
Only its Bavarian rival, Bayerische Hypo-Bank, produced comparable results.
Its operating profit also eased by 2 per cent to DM807m. Deutsche Bank
reported a 15 per cent drop in operating profits to DM3.6bn, with Dresdner
Bank 17 per cent lower at DM1.3bn and Commerzbank down by 27 per cent to
DM660m. All figures are based on direct comparisons with the same 10-month
period last year.
'The Vereinsbank group has held up well in a difficult environment,' said Mr
Albrecht Schmidt, the chairman. Continued growth in mortgage lending was the
main impulse behind a 14 per cent increase in the interest surplus, to
DM3.5bn, though property financing had lost some of its strength this year.
Commission earnings were 1 per cent lower at DM854m, mainly because of
weaker securities markets. After an 11 per cent rise in operating expenses,
to DM2.8bn, including heavy spending on information technology, partial
operating profits (excluding own-account trading) were 10 per cent higher at
DM1.6bn.
Sharply eroding the bank's financial performance was the collapse in trading
profits on its own account. These were 98 per cent lower at DM6m - after a
loss at the six-months stage - because of bond market weakness. Mr Norbert
Juchem, a director, said the bank changed its trading strategy in May as
interest rates kept rising.
