FT  03 DEC 94 / FT Christmas Books: The pick of the publishing year - From
politics to poetry, history to humour - our writers choose the best books of
1994
Those few who have particular interest in the composer Peter Warlock must
read the centenary biography by Barry Smith (OUP, Pounds 25.00). A
substantial extension of earlier lives and memoirs, it occasionally seems so
burdened by research and worthiness that Warlock the man is difficult to
find, some aspects of his private life underplayed and sometimes altogether
neglected, some mistresses omitted, his homosexual escapades unchronicled.
Even so, as a portrait of a man largely dislikeable, if not despicable,
whose small talent was not sustained and was in any case far too English to
be of international interest, the book is important as it is likely to be
the last and only serious work on a guttering candle in the mean and
dreadful gloom of English music in the 1920s.
The Rape of Europa, by Lynn Nicholas (Macmillan, Pounds 20.00), is almost,
but not quite, a rollicking tale of the rape and plunder of works of art
under the Nazis - the subject too melancholy, the permanent losses from
museums, galleries and private collections too tragic. Half a century on,
and with the growth of so many new museums devoted to detritus and waste
body products, we have forgotten the appalling damage done to the whole
European heritage by the greed of Gauleiters and other minions as well as of
the grandees of the Third Reich. In so much research, the author lost sight
of simple things, - a biographical note on Hans Frank, Governor of Poland,
for example, would have been helpful - but of the broad sweep of wanton
confiscation and its consequences, both human and cultural, she has full
control and tells her story well.
Much consolation and amusement for those who hold the political
correctitudes in contempt is to be found in Women's Life in Greece and Rome,
by Mary Lefkowitz and Maureen Fant (Duckworth, Pounds 14.99), a source book
of ancient texts with neat introductions, neatly organised, and not a trace
of feminism or American vulgarities. The authors demonstrate that women in
the antique world were not so hard done by and despised - that they could
both sit at Plato's knee as pupils and discuss among themselves the merits
of a dildo maker and his tools, that the education of women was supported in
Rome at a time when St Paul the bigot was condemning it, and that their
status and rights to property were supported by many laws. There are, of
course, occasional examples of prejudice against them - I like particularly
the poet Menander's comment that 'A man who teaches a woman to write should
recognise that he is providing poison to an asp.'
