FT  27 MAY 94 / World Trade News: Boycott ruling irks US Greens
'It's a dialogue of the deaf,' sighed one European trade official yesterday,
referring to the outraged reaction of US environmental groups to the news
that a Gatt panel has once again ruled against US trade measures intended to
protect dolphins.
The panel report, circulated to the parties involved last Friday, says the
US is not entitled under Gatt to use trade measures to force other countries
to adopt its own domestic policies, environmental or otherwise. This, the
report argues, would undermine the whole basis of the multilateral trading
system.
The US operates an embargo on tuna imported from countries which catch too
many dolphins in tuna fishing nets. A secondary embargo applies to countries
which import and process tuna from the offending countries. But to satisfy
the terms of the US law, it is not enough to kill fewer dolphins; a country
also has to adopt fishing methods which conform to those used by US fishing
fleets.
The latest panel report, which relates to the secondary tuna embargo, adopts
somewhat different reasoning from its predecessor. The three-man panel says
Gatt rules do not in principle disbar countries from using trade measures to
protect 'the global commons' or environmental resources outside their own
jurisdictions.
However, the panel argues, these measures have to be designed directly to
protect the resource in question and need to satisfy the criterion that no
other more Gatt-consistent measure is available. On both counts, it says,
the US embargo fails.
Independently of the embargo, measures to protect dolphins have resulted in
a steep drop in kills in the Eastern Tropical Pacific, where dolphins swim
with tuna shoals, from over 100,000 a year in the mid-1980s to fewer than
5,000 last year.
