FT  17 MAR 94 / International Company News: Bull full-year loss tops FFr5bn
Groupe Bull, the French computer group which is slated for privatisation
this year, has taken restructuring provisions of FFr1.65bn (Dollars 286m) in
its accounts for 1993, taking total net losses for the year to FFr5.07bn.
The result compares with a deficit of FFr4.72bn in 1992 and means that total
losses for the past four years have amounted to FFr19.9bn. Operating losses
grew to FFr1.89bn from FFr642m, while sales declined to FFr28.25bn from
FFr30.19bn.
The company's financial plight and the French government's decision to
privatise the group as quickly as possible has prompted a recovery plan
aimed at returning the group to profit by 1995.
Mr Jean-Marie Descarpentries, who took over as chairman last October, is
implementing cost cutting and measures to improve productivity. Industrial
partners are being sought to take stakes in the company and allow its entry
into the private sector.
The group said that priority is to be given to internal revenue growth. It
said the experience of the past few months, which saw a 22 per cent increase
in sales in January and February, year-on-year, showed this is possible.
Bull is aiming for a 'drastic reduction in all non-salary costs'. The
reduction in the number of its Paris sites, for example, is expected to save
FFr500m this year.
A FFr7bn capital injection from the French government to support the
computer group is currently being examined by the European Commission. Its
acceptance will depend on the viability of the recovery plan and the
company's success in finding industrial partners.
