FT  17 FEB 94 / Miners lead strike wave in Russia
A series of strikes and strike threats are now rippling across Russia,
evidence of a growing militancy in face of non-payment of wages, reductions
in workforces and plunging morale.
The coal miners, traditionally the most militant group in Russia as
elsewhere, have staged stoppages in the Arctic region of Vorkuta and in the
larger Kuzbass coal basin. However, a wider strike expected to be called on
Tuesday has been delayed, as divisions emerged on the council of the
Independent Miners' Union about how far political demands should be
advanced.
Mr Yuri Shafranik, the Russian energy minister, promised the Kuzbass men on
Tuesday to pay Rbs1,500bn in back wages in order to avert action in the
basin.
More seriously for the government, oil workers in Nizhnevartovsk, centre of
the Tyumen oil producing region, have voted for a strike which will be
called by a strike committee 'if the situation requires'. The oil workers
claim they have not been paid their salaries, of around Rbs500,000 a month,
for three months.
Thousands of teachers at institutes of higher education went on strike
yesterday, also protesting against non-payment of wages and citing rapidly
worsening conditions in the colleges. They demanded payment in full of all
wages and that the government fulfil its promises to index the low pay rates
to inflation.
In Moscow, the city's ambulance service workers, who include doctors in
their ranks, have decided to strike from March 1.
