FT  05 FEB 94 / The Lex Column: Newspaper Publishing
The struggle for control of the Independent newspapers is rapidly developing
into a Whitehall farce with an Irish tycoon to the left, southern Europe
media magnates to the right, and a wicked Australian creating merry hell off
stage. There now appear any number of possible conclusions to the
confrontation which emerged yesterday. The MGN-led consortium, with the
support of the Independent's founders, El Pais and La Repubblica, seems
intent on simply pressing ahead with its 250p a share offer. After all, it
already controls 47 per cent. But that offer seems bound to fail at that
price, given the Irish Independent newspapers has just bought 25 per cent at
350p a share. The consortium is unlikely ever to match that price.
Conversely, Mr Tony O'Reilly's Irish Independent group cannot hope to make
any sense of its new investment without working with the consortium. That
makes it imperative for Newspaper Publishing's non-executive directors to
hammer out a speedy resolution. The two investing groups must be reconciled
and the split board re-united if the fall in the newspapers' circulation is
to be arrested.
Whatever the outcome, the episode has highlighted the poverty of expansion
opportunities open to MGN. It has been keen to diversify away from its
mature newspaper business. But with an unproven management team, Pounds 300m
of debt, negative net worth if intangibles are excluded, and a share price
rating at a substantial discount to other media groups, MGN has distinctly
limited options. The Independent deal offers some scope for additional print
capacity and cost savings. But it would be better to walk away than to sink
further into a political quagmire when the financial upside appears so
limited.
