FT  28 OCT 94 / The Lex Column: Chemical attraction
Fears that this year's strong demand growth for commodity chemicals was
merely restocking were confounded yesterday by ICI's third-quarter results.
The figures were unusually strong, even for this stage of the cycle. Heady
demand in Asia and the US has led to a change in trade flows, reducing
imports into Europe and increasing exports. With rising world demand and
limited new supply, prices should rise sharply. Spot commodity chemical
prices have already increased, though ICI is yet to benefit fully because
contract price rises have only just started coming through. These will be
driven still higher when European domestic demand, which has so far remained
weak, really recovers. ICI's downstream businesses, such as paints, may
suffer from raw material cost inflation. But such pressures should be more
than offset by commodity chemicals.
The question remains whether ICI is fairly valued. The issue is one of
timing. When its earnings peak, ICI's shares will stand at a discount as
investors anticipate the cyclical downturn. But with possible earnings
growth next year of 50 per cent, selling now would be a mistake. The
chemical industry typically suffers from supply-driven not demand-led
recessions. So the right moment to sell will be when capital expenditure
reaches unsustainable levels. Four years ago, the group's capital
expenditure was Pounds 1bn compared with depreciation of just Pounds 525m -
a clearly unsustainable ratio of nearly two. Last year ICI's ratio was 0.9,
suggesting there is a long way to go before over-capacity once again becomes
a problem.
