FT  25 AUG 94 / The Lex Column: Wellcome/SmithKline
Investing in pharmaceuticals companies was risky even before the recent
proliferation of legal actions. Glaxo is already entangled in the US courts
trying to defend its best selling product. Now Wellcome has followed suit,
claiming that the US patents of its anti-viral drug Zovirax have been
infringed by SmithKline Beecham's Famvir. In both cases investors are left
groping for hard information.
In theory it should be possible for the stock market to assess such legal
challenges by considering the chances of success or failure and the
potential profits at risk. Since Famvir has only been on sale for a matter
of weeks, though, even short-term forecasts are tricky. And it would take an
expert on US patent law to make a credible guess at Wellcome's chances of
success. If the case ends up being heard by a North Carolina jury rather
than a judge, as Wellcome has requested, the outcome will be even more
unpredictable.
The best that can be said is that the case is probably more important for
Wellcome than for SB. On even the most optimistic forecasts, US sales of
Famvir will account for a relatively small proportion of SB's profits by the
end of the decade. If Wellcome could clear the field for its own anti-viral
products the outlook for it would be markedly brighter. The rise in its
shares yesterday may reflect that line of thought. The snag is that
resorting to the courts undermines Wellcome's earlier argument that
competition would be good for Zovirax by increasing awareness among doctors
and expanding the market.
