FT  07 MAY 94 / The Lex Column: UK insurance
The falling rate of repossession is good news for hard pressed homeowners
and the insurance companies which sold them mortgage indemnity policies.
That will be a particular relief to Sun Alliance and Royal Insurance, which
reports first quarter figures next week. Even allowing that recent figures
have been flattered by changes in county court procedures, the trend of
repossessions is clearly downwards. Lower mortgage interest rates are the
main reason, although the first signs of rising house prices might also be
making lenders less inclined to step in.
Yet rising house prices may not be universally good news for the insurers.
With prices still 30 per cent below the peak in some areas - and repossessed
properties selling for less - lenders are not wholly protected from loss by
mortgage indemnity insurance. If prices rise to the point where insurance
companies are footing the whole bill, building societies and banks will have
a greater incentive to repossess. That trigger point may not be reached
until next year, by which time interest rates could again be rising.
Mortgage lenders have to consider the potential cost of damaging publicity.
Big lenders will not want to move the housing market against them by
releasing cheap stock. But it is too early to be sure that the problem is
over. Aggregate claims reserves of Pounds 1.75bn across the insurance
industry look adequate, but only if there is no marked deterioration in the
trend. At least with other lines of business now delivering exceptional
returns, insurers could afford quietly to top-up reserves without
disappointing the market on profits.
