FT  07 NOV 94 / The Lex Column: Questionable AIM
Pity the Stock Exchange. When it announced the closure of the Unlisted
Securities Market, politicians and representatives of small companies
pressed for a change of heart. So against its initial judgment, the exchange
decided that a new Alternative Investment Market should rise to take the
USM's place. It plans to create a lightly-regulated market which does not
impose excessive costs on small companies.
Unfortunately, support is draining away. The fund management group M&amp;G says
it will not invest its unit trust money in the market because insufficient
regulation will make it too risky for its investors. The City Group for
Smaller Companies, the most vocal lobbyist for a new junior market, has
become more enthusiastic about a rival scheme to create a European-wide
market for entrepreneurial companies, modelled on America's Nasdaq exchange.
The Stock Exchange is in a bind. If the regulatory burden is kept low,
shareholders may be shy of investing. But if regulatory standards are
raised, small companies may decide it is not worth the effort and cost.
There may be some way of achieving a compromise. But one cannot help
thinking that the exchange should have stuck to its initial view that there
was no commercial case for setting up a 'son-of-USM' and resisted the
political pressures to do so. The field would then have been clear for
private groups to set up their own junior markets - if, that is, they had
bright enough ideas and could show that the business case added up.
