FT  13 DEC 94 / International Company News: Soros unit agrees to buy Indian
stakes
The Chatterjee group, an Indian affiliate of Soros Fund Management, has
signed an agreement to acquire a 25 per cent stake in United Breweries and
McDowell, two flagship companies of the Bangalore-based UB conglomerate, for
Rs2.25bn (Dollars 71.7m). The agreement says the Chatterjee group will
acquire the equity by sale and/or private placement of shares and not by the
sale of warrants.
The companies have agreed to jointly develop the globalisation and expansion
of United Breweries' brands of beers and spirits, particularly in the
Pacific Rim countries, also to protect and promote UB's beer and spirits in
India. The UB group has a 29 per cent market share of the Rs50bn Indian
liquor industry, and commands 32 per cent of the beer market with its
Kingfisher brand.
The understanding says Mr Vijay Mallya, the chairman of the UB group will
continue to maintain his equity stake and manage the activities of the
group. The Chatterjee group will have two representatives on the board of
the company to contribute to the company's global strategies.
UB group has interests in brewing, distilling, pharmaceuticals, engineering,
fertilisers and plastics in India. The company recently announced plans to
build a brewery in Myanmar, Burma, and acquire three breweries in China,
besides signing an agreement with Carlsberg International to produce
Carlsberg beer in India.
Soros Fund Management, promoted by Mr George Soros, one of the world's
largest fund managers, manages more than Dollars 12bn in funds.
