FT  28 FEB 94 / UK Company News: Record UK trading in German equities
Trading of German equities on the London market reached record levels in
1993, according to the Stock Exchange's latest quarterly report, published
today.
The rise was fuelled by the strength across European markets last year,
particularly in the final quarter. The Stock Exchange figures show London
firms accounting for about 10 per cent of the total turnover in German
equities. Total foreign equity trading in London also hit a new high last
year, with Germany the most active, accounting for some 15 per cent by
value.
In a survey of London fund managers, marketmakers and institutional traders,
the Stock Exchange points to several advantages of the London market. London
firms concentrate their business on the top 30 German stocks - known as the
DAX 30 - which trade simultaneously in London and Frankfurt.
The involvement in both markets means that prices are not fragmented and
that any arbitrage opportunities are short-lived. Another perceived
advantage is the competitiveness in both pricing and liquidity provided for
by London's quote-driven system.
Fund managers also emphasised their strong relationship with London-based
traders, together with a growing international bias of their portfolios. For
their part, marketmakers said that their trading skills and the benefits of
running co-ordinated international operations give them a sustainable
competitive edge.
However, all the institutions surveyed also used local German firms, usually
for smaller stocks where they could offer greater liquidity and better
research.
The quarterly survey also shows that 1993 was the first year in which
foreign stocks accounted for over 50 per cent of total London equity
trading.
In the busiest fourth quarter, Japan was the most active sector at 18 per
cent, followed by France (17.4 per cent) and Germany (14.2 per cent).
