FT  17 DEC 94 / How to Spend It: In the tiniest box - Lucia van der Post on
the most thoughtful of gifts
Is there a woman in the world who would not be pleased by the tiniest of
boxes, carefully packaged, nestling at the bottom of the tree, and offering
up the most intimate, sweetest, most thoughtful of presents - a piece of
jewellery?
Here is the run-down on just some of the options around this Christmas.
Infinitely desirable and wearable by almost everybody except the most
avant-garde and determinedly modern, is Sandra Cronan's collection of faux
jewels and gems - here are beautifully simple necklaces of aquamarines (one
gorgeous one at Pounds 850, others at Pounds 3,500, or earrings Pounds 650)
or an Edwardian faux diamond and pearl choker (Pounds 1,800) as well as an
early 20th century steel and gilt metal cross at Pounds 140 or a late 19th
century Vauxhall glass star brooch at Pounds 170. All available from her
shop at 18 Burlington Arcade, London W1 (tel: 071-495 4103).
La Boutique Fantastique is another small gem of a shop at 13 The Royal
Arcade, Old Bond Street, Mayfair, London W1 (tel: 071-409 2641) which is
owned by Irina Laski who has a dramatic onyx and coral necklace with a
centrepiece of 18 carat gold plated on a silver shield and heart at Pounds
350. Matching ear-rings are Pounds 215. She also has some beautiful Venetian
milk-glass jewellery ranging from Pounds 160-Pounds 230.
Cox &amp; Power is a new little jewellery shop at 95 Walton Street, London SW3
2HP (tel: 071-589 6335) with a rather continental approach to jewellery -
that is, it produces jewellery to be worn at all times (so many of their
pieces could be worn during the day) and ranging in price from Pounds 45 for
a pair of hand-made silver and 18 carat gold earrings to Pounds 1,950 for a
platinum set sapphire ring or scattered diamond ring. Designs are
understated. Kiki McDonough at 77c Walton Street, London SW3 (tel: 071-581
1777) has a knack of producing jewellery which chimes in beautifully with
the lives of the modern working woman - not too grand for everyday wear yet
glamorous enough to add a bit of panache to a plain dark suit. Her new gold
and sterling silver collection (very useful because it means it can be
teamed with either gold or silver pieces) is a perfect example of the genre
 -chunky square gold and silver earrings are Pounds 295, a chain necklace is
Pounds 725. Lesley Craze Gallery 34 Clerkenwell Green, London EC1R (Tel:
071-608 0393) is the gallery for those who like their jewellery to speak
more of their sense of design and modernism than their means. This does not
mean to say it is bleak or austere - most of the pieces combine a great deal
of charm with real wearability. This Christmas, for instance, there are some
charming dog brooches and necklaces in patinated silver by Carol Mather from
Pounds 94, or lustrous bronze, copper and gold ceramic earrings by Linda
Jolly for around Pounds 10 and - most desirable of all - Esther Ward's
platinum caterpillar necklace for Pounds 1,027.
