FT  25 OCT 94 / The Lex Column: Derivatives
Given the level of concern about the huge growth in derivatives, it is
hardly surprising that the Chicago futures exchanges have had a hard job
persuading their regulator to relax some of their trading rules. With
international financial authorities still feeling their way through the
fast-growing jungle, the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission is right to
tread carefully.
The requirements from which the Chicago exchanges are asking for partial
exemption would not protect users of derivatives from the sort of losses
which have hit the headlines over the past few months. Most of these have
anyway stemmed from deals conducted on the over-the-counter markets where
banks provide customers with tailor-made products. The banks then frequently
use the standard products traded on the exchanges to hedge their positions.
The exchanges argue that such institutions do not need some of the
regulations originally designed to protect private investors. More to the
point, the associated costs put the exchanges at a disadvantage to the
lightly regulated OTC markets. Yet the exchanges have failed to show that
they are losing significant business to the OTC markets, over which they
provide many advantages, or to overseas exchanges. The worry for the
regulators is that changes that threaten the integrity of the exchanges
could have unforeseen consequences elsewhere. Until the dangers are better
understood, it would be advisable for playing fields to be levelled up
rather than down.
