FT  01 AUG 94 / The Lex Column: Alternative medicine
The pharmaceuticals industry as a whole has reason to worry about the US
Food and Drug Administration's refusal to approve Pepcid, Merck's anti-ulcer
drug, as a heartburn remedy. Many of the drugs which fuelled growth in the
1980s are now losing patent protection. Selling watered-down versions
directly to consumers without a prescription could be an important line of
defence. Yet the FDA's reluctance to approve prescription drugs for sale
over the counter suggests that the US regulators do not share the industry's
enthusiasm.
Merck's failure is especially worrying news for Glaxo, which has high hopes
for its own ulcer drug Zantac as an indigestion remedy. SmithKline Beecham,
which had its ulcer compound Tagamet rebuffed by the FDA last week, might
take comfort that it is not alone in falling foul of the authority's
stringent criteria. But valuable time has been lost, especially for Tagamet
which has already lost patent protection. With millions of patients already
familiar with Tagamet and Zantac in prescription form, the stakes are high.
Wellcome, which hopes to sell its anti-viral compound Zovirax without a
prescription in the US, has some nail-biting months ahead. Warner Lambert,
which will help promote both Zantac and Zovirax if they are approved, also
has a lot riding on the FDA's decisions. While satisfying US authorities was
never going to be easy, the migration of pharmaceuticals companies into
consumer healthcare looks in danger of being stopped in its tracks.
