FT  19 NOV 94 / The Lex Column: Insurance brokers
Shares in UK insurance brokers have performed woefully this year, down 20
per cent against the market. Continuing troubles at Lloyd's are but one
factor depressing sentiment. Margins are under pressure from all sides. The
weak US currency hurts, as a large proportion of revenue originates outside
the UK and is denominated in dollars. The industry is also suffering tighter
fee structures.
Brokers have compounded these problems through diversification - none more
so than Willis Corroon, formed in 1980 when Willis Faber of the UK merged
with Corroon &amp; Black of the US. That folly was exposed earlier this year
when Willis announced disastrous US results. It took until this week,
however, for Willis' management to bite the bullet. Though details of the
planned retrenchment programme were regrettably not spelt out, the Pounds
40m provision will wipe out the bulk of pre-tax profits for the current
year.
But Willis plans a welcome return to basics. Once the restructuring is
complete, the previous attractions of insurance broking may again become
apparent. Capital employed is minimal and brokers have traditionally paid
out virtually all distributable profits to shareholders. This came to a halt
in 1992 when Sedgwick halved its dividend. But Willis' restructuring may
presage an eventual sector-wide return to this desirable practice. Brokers
are not on the verge of becoming growth stocks. But a higher distribution
would limit the downside to investing in this maturing industry.
