FT  10 JUN 94 / The Lex Column: Pilkington
Pilkington's management can reasonably claim that a turning point has been
reached in the group's rehabilitation. Factor in the disposal of the
insulation business which came after the year-end and gearing has been
reduced to 55 per cent. Due to a squeeze on working capital and operating
costs, as well as a one-off tax rebate last year, there has also been a
substantial improvement in operating cash flow. Pilkington could thus afford
both the purchase of Heywood Williams and its stake in Societa Italiana
Vetro while still reducing its borrowing. Now it must turn its attention to
increasing margins.
The equity market seems to have assumed that the rebound will be both easy
and automatic as economic recovery gathers force. At 176p, the shares are
trading on a historic multiple of nearly 90 times pre-exceptional earnings.
That would be all right if a quick and dramatic rebound were in sight. The
reality, however, is likely to be more prosaic. Even in the US, where
capacity use is now around 95 per cent, Pilkington's operating margin was
less than 4 per cent in 1993-94.
It may still take years for the group margin to reach double digits,
especially if this does turn out to be a recovery in which consumers resist
price increases. In that case, earnings growth will disappoint the market -
as will dividend growth, given the need to rebuild cover. Mr Roger Leverton,
chief executive, has done a good job restructuring Pilkington, but that does
not mean he can work miracles too.
