FT  21 JUN 94 / Former Elders executive pleads guilty
Mr Kenneth Jarrett, a former executive of Elders IXL, the Australian
agriproducts group, has pleaded guilty to involvement in a ADollars 66.5m
(Pounds 33m) foreign exchange scheme which was allegedly fraudulent, and was
said yesterday to be willing to give evidence against his former boss, Mr
John Elliott.
According to Mr Brind Woinarski, Crown prosecutor, who is pursuing charges
of conspiracy and theft against Mr Elliott, Mr Jarrett and five other
individuals previously connected to the Elders IXL group in relation to
these forex dealings, Mr Jarrett has co-operated fully and intends to give
evidence against his former colleagues, including Mr Elliott.
Mr Jarrett pleaded guilty in the Melbourne Supreme Court to one count of
failing to act honestly as an officer of the company, between April 1986 and
June 1990. Mr Woinarski told the court the Crown was alleging Mr Elliott
decided who would be involved in the foreign exchange scheme and who would
benefit from it. It was also alleging Mr Elliott and Mr Peter Scanlon,
another Elders IXL executive, were the architects and instigators of the
scheme.
The charges against Mr Elliott, a prominent Melbourne-based businessman and
former president of the Australian Liberal party, Mr Jarrett and the other
individuals, were filed shortly before Christmas. The theft and conspiracy
charges related to two foreign exchange transactions, between Elders and the
Bank of New Zealand, and then between the Bank of New Zealand and companies
connected to executives of Equiticorp, the failed New Zealand-based group.
Elders is said to have apparently made losses totalling ADollars 66m on the
deals, with similar gains booked to the Equiticorp entities. The authorities
allege the transactions were used to funnel money to Mr Allan Hawkins,
Equiticorp's now-jailed former chief executive. Mr Elliott, released on
ADollars 450,000 bail, has consistently maintained his innocence.
