FT  25 AUG 94 / Management (Marketing and Advertising): Drink to German
shares
Germans drink lots of schnapps, but they are reluctant buyers of shares. So
when Berentzen, a drinks company in north-east Germany, issued new
preference stock this summer, it decided to promote its brands and shares at
the same time.
The issue, which met heavy demand, was Berentzen's first. The 236-year-old
company, which includes such brands as Doornkaat and Schinkenhager and has a
turnover of DM360m (Pounds 148.7m) (excluding spirits tax), raised nearly
DM90m (Pounds 37.5m). To reach as wide a spread of potential investors as
possible, it combined a brand marketing campaign with one highlighting its
share flotation.
Not only did the company advertise the issue on television, radio, in the
press and in stores, it even put details on the back of schnapps bottles.
Gunter Lewald, head of communications at the group, which also makes soft
drinks, says such an all-out investor awareness approach is unique in
Germany.
Buyers of schnapps and fruit liqueur products under the Berentzen name were
invited to take part in a draw for shares. The company put labels on 5.1m
bottles with details of where to write for more information on the products
and the issue.
The response was not huge, with about 3,000 people writing in, but showed
the message was being spread. Television spots on NTV, an all-news cable
channel, produced a further 1,000 inquiries. Out of these responses, 1,500
people went further than wanting to be in the draw and asked about buying
the shares.
After initial scepticism, says Lewald, the banks arranging the issue (led by
DG Bank) were won over. The share draw takes place next month with 111
shares - chosen because a same-digit number is called a schnappszahl
(schnapps number) in Germany - to be divided among 21 winners. The lucky one
will get 11 shares, worth DM3,795 at the subscription price; the rest will
get five each.
