FT  06 JUN 94 / People (Names in the News): Ellwood marks Visa's card
Another leading figure from the UK retail banking industry has emerged at
the top of an international payment organisation, writes Richard Waters.
Earlier this year, Gene Lockhardt took over as chief executive of
MasterCard. An American, Lockhardt was behind the launch of Midland Bank's
First Direct, which pioneered telephone banking in the UK.
Now Peter Ellwood (below), former boss of Barclaycard, has been selected as
part-time chairman of Visa, the big brother of the payment organisations.
The choice of Ellwood - presently chief executive of the TSB Group - hints
at where the future of Visa may lie. In 1989, exactly half of all payments
made through the system were in the US; last year, that had slipped to 42
per cent.
Over the same period, the European share climbed three points, to 34 per
cent. Though growth in plastic payments in Europe has sagged with its
economies, it still presents a better medium-term growth prospect for the
payment organisations.
Ed Jensen, Visa's chief executive, seemed to acknowledge as much, paying
tribute to Ellwood's 'vast European experience'. A little-noticed
announcement the same day confirmed it; Visa, it said, was setting up its
first European product development office, to tailor its products for the
European market.
Ellwood's selection, after seven years under Henry Benacerraf, president of
the Banco Union of Venezuela, completes a sweep of Visa's top echelon.
Jensen himself took over from ten-year veteran Charles Russell earlier this
year, while Carl Pascarella was only recently selected to head the US
operation, where Visa has been losing ground to MasterCard.
