FT  02 APR 94 / The Lex Column: Deutsche Bank
There is a refreshing candour about Deutsche Bank's admission that it does
not expect much by way of earnings increase this year. Last year's 23 per
cent jump in group net profit owed much to special factors that will not
easily be repeated. These include not only a 76 per cent increase in
earnings from proprietary trading, but also a substantially higher
contribution from commission income which reflected the general buoyancy of
financial markets. While net interest income rose 7 per cent, margins fell
slightly. The bank expects the squeeze to continue in 1994.
Classic continental accounting practice might suggest that Deutsche has
chosen to smooth the large 1993 increase in operating profit by adding
heavily to its loan loss provisions. These are indeed up 72 per cent, but
there appears to be only limited scope for reducing them this year to
compensate for any loss of momentum at the operating level. Deutsche itself
has repeatedly warned that bad debts may continue even when economic
recovery starts, and it is not as if the 1993 provisions are particularly
high in the first place. At DM3.3bn they are not quite 1 per cent of total
group lending.
In contrast to British banks, which out-performed the local equity market
strongly as interest rates came down, Deutsche under-performed the Dax index
by some 12 per cent over the past year. Despite the 10 per cent increase in
its dividend, there seems scant prospect of that trend reversing itself,
especially since financial market turmoil makes trading profits uncertain.
