FT  01 SEP 94 / US to press Moldova plan
The American UN envoy, Ms Madeleine Albright, said yesterday that Washington
was anxious to ensure that Russian troops leave Moldova and it was ready to
act to encourage them to do so. Russia's 14th Army has been deployed in the
breakaway Dnestr region of Moldova since Moldovan independence in 1991.
Earlier this month, Russia and Moldova finalised an agreement which
stipulated the withdrawal of the 14th Army within three years. It is
awaiting the approval of the Russian and Moldovan presidents, Mr Boris
Yeltsin and Mr Mircea Snegur. Ms Albright said she had discussed the issue
with Mr Snegur and the Moldovan foreign minister, Mr Mihai Popov. 'We were
discussing how the international community can be helpful in observing the
departure of the 14th Army and what international approaches can help to
keep the pressure on in order to make the army leave,' she said.
She said that, when in Moscow, she would urge Russian leaders to act without
delay in withdrawing their forces from Moldova and other former Soviet
republics. 'This is not only good for the republics themselves, such as
Moldova, but also for Moscow in order to have peace on its borders and in
its former republics,' she said. Moldova is the only former Soviet republic
where Moscow keeps its forces without a formal agreement on military bases
or any other accord. Russia has signed such treaties with the Transcaucasian
states of Georgia and Armenia as well as with the Central Asian republic of
Tajikistan.
