FT  11 MAY 94 / The Lex Column: Turning expectations
The clear message from yesterday's inflation report is that the Bank of
England has now entered that difficult territory where it must start
wondering when and whether to put interest rates up again. On the one hand,
it must prepare the ground; on the other, it cannot want to spook the
markets. Hence the report is both peppered with warnings about what might
happen and reasons why the most recent news is not yet alarming. Thus M0
money supply is still returning to a new equilibrium. Earnings are growing
faster than expected for this stage in the cycle, but there is no logical
reason why they should run away with themselves. Bond markets are indicating
higher inflation down the road but they may have overshot.
Yet stubbornly high inflation expectations cannot be that easily brushed
away. There must be a reason why gilts have performed worse than other
leading bond markets this year: premiums over US and German issues have
widened by 60 and 100 basis points respectively. Perhaps the markets have
been worried that Mr John Major's weak standing will sap his determination
on inflation. The UK certainly does not yet have a strong record to fall
back on.
The Bank thus faces a struggle to establish credibility, especially after
the botched rate cut in February. As of now, it is difficult to believe
money market projections of base rates at 9 per cent within a couple of
years, though that might be consistent with sustained pressure on sterling.
But if the Bank means what it says about expectations, the turn in rates
must have come closer. Any investors still hoping for one last cut are in
for a disappointment.
