FT  20 MAY 94 / The Lex Column: Nuclear review
Investors who saw privatisation of the nuclear power industry collapse in
1989 may well think the government is wasting time asking whether
privatisation would now be feasible. But it would be a mistake to rush to
that conclusion. In recent years, Nuclear Electric has improved efficiency.
Though it is not yet profitable without the nuclear levy, its management
believes it can be by 1996.
There still remains the problem of how to tackle the industry's vast
liabilities for disposing of nuclear waste and decommissioning plants.
Current Treasury thinking is that the industry's existing liabilities could
be assumed by the taxpayer. Obviously, such a model would need elaboration
before investors were prepared to buy shares. They would want a clearer idea
of what future liabilities would be incurred. They would also need
reassurance that they would not suffer if tougher environmental standards
were imposed after privatisation. But all this should be possible to
resolve, albeit probably not before the next election. The existence of
quoted Spanish, German, US and Japanese power companies with nuclear
interests shows that the goal of privatisation is at least theoretically
attainable.
By contrast, the case for Nuclear Electric proceeding with its cherished
dream of building Sizewell C is not so good. The figures currently do not
stack up. Investors would not be happy if Nuclear Electric saw privatisation
as a signal to splash out Pounds 3.5bn.
