FT  01 NOV 94 / The Lex Column: Kicking tobacco
Nine years after RJR bought Nabisco and five years after the combined entity
was acquired by KKR in a massive leveraged buy-out, RJR Nabisco appears to
be returning to its roots. Yesterday's announcement of a partial float for
Nabisco could mark the start of a split into its original food and tobacco
divisions. Meanwhile, RJR's decision not to take part in KKR's Dollars 2bn
bid for Borden, a food group, looks like an assertion of independence from
the buy-out group.
RJR Nabisco's rating has been tainted by its perception as a tobacco stock -
something re-emphasised by yesterday's go-ahead by a judge for a class
action by smokers in Florida. By giving the food side greater visibility,
the partial float should benefit both Nabisco and its parent. If it can be
ring-fenced from tobacco liabilities, Nabisco should find it easier to raise
debt and ultimately equity for acquisitions. RJR will be hoping its own
rating will be boosted by Nabisco's higher valuation, since it will still
own 80 per cent of the company.
By backing out of the Borden bid, RJR has caused KKR something of a
headache. Under the original deal, a complicated share swap between Borden
and RJR would have have reduced KKR's costs and enabled the transfer of
assets to RJR. There was also the possibility that Nabisco could have helped
KKR manage Borden, which has had a poor record in recent years. One might
have thought that KKR, which owns 35 per cent of RJR Nabisco, would have
been in a position to tell the group what to do. But, with that stake
halving as part of the Borden bid, that is presumably no longer the case.
