FT  13 DEC 94 / The Lex Column: UK electricity
Large dividend increases yesterday by Eastern Group and Northern Electricity
did nothing to reverse the sector's recent underperformance. Northern's 30
per cent dividend rise demonstrates the benefits of buying back 10 per cent
of its shares: the underlying increase was only 16 per cent. Eastern's
pay-out is up 25 per cent, a tribute to its thorough cost cutting. Both
regional electricity companies profited from moves away from distribution.
This core business will suffer earnings decline when tougher price caps are
implemented next year. Northern's focus on deregulated sales to customers
buying more than 100kw of electricity was vindicated by a sharpincrease in
profits from such sales. Eastern also saw profit from deregulated sales jump
while power generation and gas supply made contributions too. Eastern says
that in two years more than a quarter of profits should come from businesses
other than distribution.
Both companies are committed to reducing dividend cover to two times.
Together with growth in unregulated income, this leaves scope for further
dividend growth, despite next year's lower distribution profits. Politics
has hurt electricity shares - Northern is the exception, due to bid
speculation - but any windfall profits tax from a future Labour government
remains relatively distant. Indeed, recs could anticipate such action by
giving more cash to shareholders now. They also offer more immediate upside
from next year's National Grid demerger. The recent sell down looks over
done.
