FT  14 OCT 94 / UK Company News: Pearson pays Pounds 16m for The Register
Pearson, the media and entertainment company which owns the Financial Times,
has paid Pounds 16m for The Register Group, which monitors television and
newspaper advertising around the world and advertising expenditure in
Europe.
The Register, which in 1993 made an operating profit of Pounds 1.4m on
turnover of Pounds 12.9m, was once part of the AGB group of market research
companies. It was bought from administrators to the collapsed empire of the
late Mr Robert Maxwell by a team led by Mr John Gordon, backed by Apax
Venture Capital.
Mr Gordon, who will remain managing director, said yesterday that he
preferred Pearson as the buyer because of the opportunities within a larger
group.
In the short-term the company, which employs 380 people, will be part of the
Financial Times Group before moving to Pearson Professional grouping, which
will begin operations on January 1.
One of The Register's main activities is to provide examples of television
and print advertisements, often by market sector, from around the world. The
company also provides market information on expenditure - at rate card level
which does not include discounts - across Europe. In addition there is
broadcast monitoring services, mainly transcripts, for the UK.
The company expects to move to on-line provision of information and develop
the use of CD-Roms.
Pearson Professional's strategy is to offer a range of publications and
services to meet the needs of sectors ranging from the media, health and
finance to law, energy and telecommunications.
