FT  12 MAY 94 / The Lex Column: Scottish Power
Scottish Power was anxious yesterday to stress that it has no intention of
accumulating a cash mountain. Yet the figures speak for themselves. Gearing
at end-March was a minuscule 0.4 per cent, while 1993-94 net cash inflow
before financing was Pounds 118m. Unless something changes pretty soon, the
group will have piled up a cash molehill by next March if not a mountain.
But chief executive Mr Ian Preston made clear he has no plans to hand back
cash to shareholders through bumper dividends or share buy-backs. He thinks
it will be possible to add greater value by investing cash in the business.
Moreover, he would be comfortable with a 50 per cent gearing ratio -
implying a willingness to take on extra debt of roughly Pounds 500m.
So how will the money be deployed? Some will be spent on building up the
group's gas and telecommunications interests in Scotland. Its ambition to
become an integrated utility operator has merit; gas and telecoms could to
some extent piggy-back on the group's well-run electricity business. But it
is hard to see such organic growth mopping up the cash inflow, let alone
raising gearing.
The suspicion must be that Mr Preston and his team of hungry managers are
eyeing acquisitions. Since an acquisition in the gas exploration business is
not on the cards, the most obvious target would be a regional electricity
company. Shareholders would be sceptical about such a move, particularly if
it involved a hefty bid premium. But, given the strong management, such use
of their cash might just be in their interests.
