FT  23 AUG 94 / Economic Watch: Danish inflation falls to 2.1%
Denmark's Consumer Price Index fell 0.2 per cent in July from June, with the
year-on-year inflation rate down to 2.1 per cent, said Danmarks Statistik,
the Danish national statistics agency. Also released, the Danish current
account surplus for February to April fell to DKr5.0bn compared with a
surplus of DKr9.4bn for the same three-month period in 1993. The agency said
the decline in the current account surplus was caused by a strong rise in
imports and predicted that this trend was likely to continue.
German industrial capacity utilisation rose to 82.3 per cent in June from
80.3 in March, according to a survey by the German economics institute IFO.
The institute said it expected increased utilisation rates in the third
quarter. The rise stemmed primarily from increases in semi-finished products
and investment goods. The metals industry showed a particularly high
capacity use rate, up to 85.8 per cent in June from 81.7 in March. Dutch
consumer confidence continued to improve in August and hit its highest level
since August 1990, reported the government's Central Bureau for Statistics.
Italian consumer prices rose 0.2 per cent month on month and 3.7 per cent
year on year in July, according to unofficial data collated by the city of
Bologna.
Hungary's current account showed a deficit of Dollars 1.429bn in the first
five months of the year, reported the National Bank of Hungary. According to
preliminary calculations, the deficit increased by almost Dollars 500m in
June, which means that the deficit for the first half of the year is
expected to be Dollars 1.9bn.
