FT  22 FEB 94 / The Lex Column: BMW/Honda
Given how angry - and embarrassed - Honda must be, its rebuff to BMW may be
the least that it could decently get away with. Honda's collaborative
strategy in Europe has spectacularly collapsed, while Toyota and Nissan's
self-reliance has been vindicated. Daring to be different and then failing
must be doubly uncomfortable in a country where conformity is an art form.
Honda had to be seen to respond to the slight BAe delivered when it sold
Rover to the cheeky Bavarians. It also views BMW as a serious competitor,
particularly in North America. The prospect of BMW pitching up at Honda's
Swindon plant, displaying its 20 per cent shareholding in Honda UK and
demanding to see the books, must have caused a few sleepless nights in
Tokyo. But if severing equity links marks a clear change of strategic
direction and restores some lost face, commercial realities still demand
some connections. Replacing Rover's engine orders or cutting overheads by
enough to offset the lost volumes would be very difficult, especially given
the deep recession in Japan's car industry. Abandoning the jointly-developed
replacement for the Rover 200/400-Honda Concerto would also be very
expensive revenge.
However painful, the prospect is thus for continued operational involvement
between the two companies. That leaves BMW free to invest in developing Land
Rover and a new small car. Honda, having fallen behind its domestic rivals,
will have to spend heavily on beefing up its European presence. The lessons
of trying to co-operate with short-termist westerners are unlikely to be
lost on the rest of corporate Japan.
