FT  24 MAR 94 / The Lex Column: Lasmo
It is difficult to quibble with Lasmo's decision to pass its final dividend.
With development expenditure set to remain high over the next three years
and the oil price at rock bottom, the company is being squeezed. Exploration
spending has already been scaled back to Pounds 50m a year, probably not
enough to replace reserves now being drilled. Gearing could rise above 100
per cent - counting Lasmo's US preference shares as equity - before
Liverpool Bay and other development projects come on stream. In that context
the Pounds 20m cash cost of the dividend was a burden.
Gearing would be less of a worry if Lasmo's balance sheet understated the
true value of its assets, as is often the case with oil companies. But even
after yesterday's write-downs, the suspicion remains that more will be
required. Having replenished shareholders' funds with dollar prefs last
year, the company is comfortably above minimum net worth covenants imposed
by its bankers. Should oil prices dictate further write-downs, though,
Lasmo's management might feel more comfortable with an infusion of real
equity.
The snag is that shareholders would have little incentive to subscribe under
those circumstances. Despite all its good work last year reducing overheads
and disposing of high-cost production - yesterday's sale of its interest in
the Ninian field is a case in point - Lasmo requires a material recovery in
the oil price if it is to flourish. It is hard to see the shares
outperforming until that is in prospect.
