COLORBLIND 
President Reagan's ignorance of the race problem in the United States has 
rarely been so apparent as in his response to Mike Wallace on "60 Minutes" 
Sunday evening. He was asked why is he so negatively viewed by blacks. He 
replied by speculating that he was a victim of a conspiracy of black leaders to 
keep alive the issue for personal profit. "Sometimes I wonder if they really 
want what they say they want because some of those leaders are doing very well 
leading organizations based on keeping alive the feeling that they're victims 
of prejudice," he said. 
Where has the President been these past eight years that he can be so detached 
from the brutal reality of the effect of his policies and his programs and his 
leadership on black Americans? How is it possible that he can be so blind to 
the polarization, the frustration, the growing anger of blacks who feel, with 
good reason, that they have been left out? 
Mr. President: You should know that the blacks in the United States continue to 
be victims of prejudice, of pervasive injustice, and that prejudice is not of 
their creation. It is not the invention of their leaders, nor is it a fiction 
perpetuated for personal gain. And this racism, this injustice, will continue 
to erode the nation until it is understood that its solution is the 
responsibility of everyone, but above all of the highest leaders of the nation. 
So we welcome President-elect George Bush's commitment Monday to ensure "that 
bigotry and indifference to disadvantage will find no safe home on our shores, 
in our public life, in our neighborhoods or in our homes." 
