LIGHT SCULPTURE 
Abbot Kinney, the founder of Venice, once dreamed of building palaces in this 
seaside community. Now, a few blocks from the beach, architect Ted Tokio Tanaka 
has created a cluster of residences that might have fit Kinney's dream. 
Behind an impressive facade of cut-out arches and pediments and a fretted roof 
line are four 2,200-square-foot condominiums that deftly combine style, privacy 
and light. The style is bold: symmetrically arranged geometric shapes in white 
stucco as simple and engaging as a child's building blocks. Privacy is achieved 
through layering: The living room is set behind the cut-out facade and an inner 
wall of glass brick, features that let in lots of light and frame nearby palm 
trees while shielding the residents from the street. The units face southwest, 
but so deep are the windows that sunlight is diffused and softened. Even in the 
afternoon, when the sun is high, sharp edges dissolve. Patterns play across the 
walls and black concrete floor until the whole interior becomes a light 
sculpture. 
Most impressive of all is the versatility of the space. Within a 30-foot height 
limit, Tanaka has designed six split levels. At the rear is sunken parking, 
with two small bedrooms stacked on top. In front is a double-height living 
room, an entry hall framed by an inset patio and a semi-open kitchen, with a 
steel-balustraded mezzanine gallery above. Most of the second floor is occupied 
by the master bedroom and a spacious balcony overlooking the street. 
Only one thing is missing: the canals that Kinney dug and city officials later 
filled in. How delightful it would have been to arrive at this Venetian palazzo 
in a gondola. 
