THE GALLERIES: SANTA MONICA 
Post-Modern architecture meets old Op art in the work of Allen Harrison. He 
makes painted wood wall reliefs. His characteristic format is a stepped pyramid 
shape put together with blocks of wood. They jut back and forth from the 
surface. Works are then painted with areas that look like stacks of chromatic 
paint cards which recede and advance like some illusionistic computer graphic. 
Some simpler formats look like an updating of the shiny '60s planks of John 
McCracken. Harrison's work is timely and fun to see -- a kind of visual 
xylophone -- but its appeal is almost entirely to the rational side of the 
brain. 
Old-timers will remember James Murray as a local Photo-Realist back in the 
'70s. He re-emerges with about 20 handsome landscape drawings in rich, sooty 
charcoal. One grandiose beach sunset has the bravura of Albert Bierstadt's work 
and the whole is as romantic as Caspar David Friedrich. Formats are long and 
horizons low, so great skies dominate. All works are untitled but waft with 
strong suspicions of L.A. terrain. 
Squeezing panoramic scale into small spaces gives the black drawings an 
intimacy that has a wonderful visionary edge like the work of Marvin Harden or 
Vija Celmins. Smoke belching from huge chimneys of refineries is dwarfed by 
nature's clouds. Nightscapes dotted with city lights see the insignificance of 
humankind's great power plants and yet know we are poisoning the atmosphere. 
The work is too poetic for mere social criticism. An image of an unfinished 
freeway and a metal cage as tall as a royal palm speak of failed utopias and 
lost Edens. Murray has found rich territory. (Tortue Gallery, 2917 Santa Monica 
Blvd., to April 27.) WILLIAM WILSON 
