YOU CAN HELP: BUBBLES TO EASE READER'S TROUBLES? 
W. L. Sibley of Northridge would like to find a product similar to the Fuller 
Brush Fragrant Bubbling Bath Oil, which the company seems to have discontinued. 
If you could come up with a substitute of equal quality, Sibley would certainly 
be bubbling over. 
It's time to renew our search for Fels-Naphtha soap. Almost four years ago some 
of the major chains still carried it, but it must have disappeared from a lot 
of shelves because within the past few months three readers -- Sally Fynan of 
Temple City, Dolores Simon of Nipomo and Fern Bogenreif of Los Angeles -- have 
asked for it. So if you know where to find it, come clean right away. 
Lately, Virginia Thomas of Alhambra has not been able to find a pie carrier 
that has a bottom made of metal and a clamp-down plastic lid. No need to get 
carried away by Thomas' dilemma; getting to the bottom of this should be a 
piece of cake. 
Reader-to-Reader Help Line: Rose (818) 331-4269, who is partly disabled, is out 
of the old 3-inch aluminum spring curlers that can be opened with one hand; 
they are the only type she's been able to put in her hair. Please spring into 
action for Rose. . . . For two years, Eleanor (805) 525-4207 has not been able 
to buy Nail Magic, a nail strengthener and clear polish that she claims dried 
almost immediately and did not chip; the manufacturer (Melvco) can no longer be 
located at its old Oregon address. If you could nail down the manufacturer -- 
or at least a few bottles of the polish -- Eleanor would surely feel a bit 
chipper. . . . Two readers are trying to find parts for discontinued 
Cuisinarts: Vicky (619) 946-0579 (call collect) is looking for a DLC 509 
adapter stem for a Little Pro food processor, and Feryne (818) 888-6628 needs a 
shredder-grater blade for a CFP-9, one of the earliest models made; please 
help, if only to avoid a grater calamity in Vicky's kitchen. 
Note: The Reader-to-Reader Help Line is only for one-time items or for products 
no longer available in stores. And you must give us written permission to 
publish your telephone number, so that others may contact you directly. 
The appeal of John Smart of La Jolla, who needed a vibrating (non-beeping) 
wristwatch alarm for deaf people, has not gone unanswered. Skip Edelstein of 
the Foundation for the Junior Blind and Sheilagh Hall of Brawley suggest the 
Silent Page, which is available from the Speech, Hearing and Neurosensory 
Center at Children's Hospital, 8001 Frost St., San Diego, Calif. 92123, or from 
the manufacturer, Quest Electronics, 510 S. Worthington St., Oconomowoc, Wis. 
53066, (414) 567-9157, or Voice-TDD (800) 558-9526. But if Smart is willing to 
settle for an under-the-pillow vibrating alarm, we have two sources: Kathi 
Sharpe-Ross of Sharpe Public Relations &amp; Marketing, 9230 Olympic Blvd., 
202, Beverly Hills, Calif. 90212, (213) 274-3587, says they have Shake Awake, 
which vibrates at a pre-selected time and sells for about $25. And Pat Davey of 
Northridge says a similar product, for about the same price, is available from 
Hear You Are Inc., 4 Musconetcong Ave., Stanhope, N.J. 07874, (201) 347-7662. 
Ruth Barnes of Banning, who wanted a clear-lucite trunk with brass fittings, 
need no longer be fit to be tied. Sheila Bangs of Hacienda Heights says such a 
trunk is listed, for about $200 plus shipping, in a catalogue -- cost $2 -- 
published by Plexi-Craft, 514 W. 24th St., New York, N.Y. 10011, (212) 
924-3244. 
