NEWSMAKERS 
No Busing: The Los Angeles bus shelter ads for the June Interview magazine have 
a red slash added by the bus shelter owners, the Gannett Outdoor Co. The 
original magazine cover shows Madonna in what the magazine calls a "mock macho" 
pose. The slash covers her right hand between her legs. But the singer/actress 
was not bothered. "I get censored all the time. . . . I really don't care." 
No Regrets: If Jim Wright has any regrets about resigning as House Speaker, 
he's not saying so. Speaking from his Fort Worth office cluttered by 
memorabilia from 34 years in Congress, Wright said: "Things happen for the 
better." He resigned a year ago during an ethics investigation involving sales 
of his book, "Reflections of a Public Man." He is spending time with his family 
and writing a book on Central America. 
No Go: If former heavyweight boxing champ Mike Tyson doesn't pay towing and 
storage fees in the amount of $126, he stands to lose his $85,000 car. Tyson's 
1990 gold Mercedes-Benz 500SL convertible with car phone and leather interior 
has been sitting in a Hudson, N.Y., car pound since May 2, when he was arrested 
on a charge of driving it without license plates and a registration. If Tyson 
doesn't come in and pay, the car will go on the auction block later this month. 
No Life?: The 12-foot American elm taken from White House grounds in 1989 and 
planted by President George Bush near the state Capitol in Bismarck, N.D., is 
fighting for its life. The tree was hurt by a late frost after a warm March 
brought out buds. The top of the tree appears lifeless, but buds can be found 
on lower branches. "It is our intent to do everything we can, if the tree can 
be saved, to save it," city forester Paul Blumhardt said. 
