MORNING REPORT: FIRST OFF . . . 
An attorney for Rob Lowe asked a judge in Atlanta on Monday to throw out a suit 
accusing the actor of videotaping a teen-age girl during a sex act. Edgar Neely 
told U.S. District Judge G. Ernest Tidwell that the girl's mother, who brought 
the suit, has no legal standing to sue under a Georgia law that allows parents 
to seek damages over the seduction of a minor child. The judge did not indicate 
when he would rule. Lowe, 25, is accused of making the sexually explicit tape 
of Lena Jan Parsons, then 16, and another woman in his hotel suite during last 
summer's Democratic National Convention in Atlanta. The suit was filed May 12 
by Lena Arlene Wilson, the girl's mother, who is seeking unspecified damages. 
Neely argued Monday that even if the allegations were true, the seduction law 
is probably unconstitutional, that Wilson is not the girl's custodial parent as 
required by law and that Wilson suffered no direct emotional harm. Wilson does 
not live with her daughter, Neely said. J. Hue Henry, Wilson's lawyer, argued 
that Lowe seduced Parsons and that Wilson has suffered direct harm. "One could 
see how a parent could and would suffer extreme emotional distress" from seeing 
such a tape, he said. Lowe did not attend the hearing. In court papers, Lowe 
denied he "committed any wrongful acts giving rise to liability." Lowe's 
attorneys also have filed papers accusing Wilson and Henry of using 
"extortionist tactics" to force Lowe to pay as much as $500,000 to avoid bad 
publicity. They also accused Parsons of helping circulate the tape. ALEENE 
MacMINN 
