HALO WILL SOON SHINE AGAIN AT ANGELS' STADIUM 
The halo that once shone brightly over Anaheim, a beacon of good news that the 
California Angels had just won, will shine again after more than five years in 
the dark. 
The Big A, the monument that towers over Anaheim Stadium, soon will get the 
first major face lift in its 25-year history and again signal Angels baseball 
victories. 
Greg Smith, general manager of the stadium, said that the Big A was never the 
same after its transition from a scoreboard in the outfield to a message board 
in the parking lot in 1979. The move was part of the stadium's preparations for 
the arrival of the Los Angeles Rams football team. But by fall of 1984, the 
sign was completely on the blink and had to be shut down for good, he said. 
Recent profitable years at the stadium, however, such as last year's revenues 
of nearly $1.5 million, have made improvements possible. And repairing the 
234-foot-high, 210-ton sign and its 70-foot-wide halo inevitably came up as an 
option. 
"At one time, it was the tallest structure in Orange County. . . . It's a 
landmark," said Smith, who justified spending $642,000 on the renovation by 
saying that the cost will be partially offset by money made from advertising on 
the message portion of the sign. 
That electronic message board, which once posted game scores in the outfield, 
now sits on the eastern edge of the stadium parking lot, in clear view of 
commuters on the Orange Freeway. Now it will advertise games, exhibitions and 
events held at the stadium -- as well as their sponsors. Smith said the message 
board can be seen from nearly a mile away, but he could only guess on the 
halo's visibility: "as far as the Southern California smog will allow it to be 
seen." 
Repairs are scheduled to be finished by mid-December, as long as the Anaheim 
City Council approves the suggested contractor as expected at its meeting 
tonight. 
