POP MUSIC REVIEW; 
JESUS JONES STIRS UP SLAM PIT AND SPIRITS 
Midway through Jesus Jones' show at Bogart's in Long Beach on Tuesday, singer 
Mike Edwards quieted down the din of his London-based band and, with spare 
instrumental backing, sang a wry welcome back to Queen Victoria and all she 
stands for. 
If anyone's looking for a '90s heir to Ray Davies, Edwards might be it. 
The song recalled the Kinks' artful social commentary and folksy, music-hall 
flavor, and the lanky Edwards has something of Davies' bemused intensity -- 
though he looks more like a skateboard thrasher than a rock 'n' roll dandy. 
That new song's subdued arrangement was hardly typical of the uproar and 
ferment that marked most of Jesus Jones' set, but it underscored a key point 
about the group, which is starting to draw attention with its debut album 
"Liquidizer": Though the band's press clips emphasize the sampling technology 
that thickens the textures on the album, Jesus Jones' strength is its songs, 
not the sauce. 
Not that the quintet's sound was superfluous at Bogart's. Replacing the 
record's electronic densities and mechanized beats with a leaner, looser, 
rhythm-oriented attack (the leanness might have had something to do with the 
equipment problems Edwards kept joking about), JJ stirred up both slam pit and 
spirits with its raging blend of thrash, funk and pop. The set-closing "Never 
Enough" -- with the taunting refrain of "so you want to be happy . . . don't 
you know happy is never enough" -- has the earmarks of a '90s anthem. And Jesus 
Jones looks like a band that can live up to the challenge of that standard. 
RICHARD CROMELIN 
