INVESTIGATIONS INTO THREATS 
I would like to comment on the article by David Reyes (March 25) about the 
extortion threats being investigated by the FBI, and the Westminster and Garden 
Grove police. 
It seems to me that the reporter as well as the FBI and the police have 
problems distinguishing between a criminal act and a patriotic call for human 
rights and freedom in Vietnam. I am a supporter of many organizations fighting 
to liberate Vietnam from the Soviet-supported Viet Cong regime. But I have 
never seen or heard anyone from these organizations talking or even mentioning 
extorting money from individuals or merchants in Vietnamese business 
communities. 
Sure, they talked about ways to collect donations from anyone who supports the 
cause. But to associate these fund-raising techniques with criminal acts is 
just like accusing the Republican or Democratic parties of extorting money from 
the people during election campaigns when telephone calls to potential voters 
were made by candidates' supporters asking for support or financial 
contributions. 
I totally support the police in their attempts to stop crimes committed by 
Vietnamese gangs against their compatriots, and I call upon all Vietnamese to 
give the police information that can lead to the arrests of these criminals. 
But for the FBI and local police to start an investigation based on unfounded, 
half-truth and half-lie rumors is a waste of taxpayers' money and time when 
real efforts should be spending on encouraging the victims to stand up and 
fight back. 
BINH VO 
Huntington Beach 
