THE GALLERIES: SANTA MONICA 
Don Suggs' new series of landscapes and portraits talk about mental roadblocks; 
signs and symbols that substitute for reality then become confused with 
reality. 
Portraits are tightly cropped heads of famous political personalities, but 
faces are hidden behind their national flags. Strictly from hair styles and the 
country's emblem we know who is being represented. Yet we are confronted by the 
awareness that we cannot see that individual, only the symbol of who or what 
they are -- their country, their politics and, to some extent, the way they 
appear physically. Titles like "Big Capitalists" and "Big Communists" drive 
home the pigeonhole effect of classifications by which we codify ideas and 
people. 
What is immediately clear from the portraits takes longer in Suggs' landscapes. 
We are so accustomed to viewing painted nature as symbolic that we are less 
inclined to mix up the representation with the thing itself. In these pieces, 
the obstinacy of the abstract sign, blocking entry into the picture, serves to 
remind us that art itself is busy creating abstract realities that impede 
direct experience. 
Also on view are stark black-and-orange etchings and woodcuts by German 
Expressionist Georg Baselitz. Covering 23 years of image-making, the work 
courts abstraction with various technically unsophisticated means until 
eventually settling comfortably into upside down figuration. Baselitz images 
are bold and graphic, stimulating as much for their use of dynamic line as the 
way their inverted subjects quickly cease to be an issue. (L.A. Louver, 77 
Market St. and 55 N. Venice Blvd., to Oct. 21.) SUVAN GEER 
