HARBOR COLLEGE BREAKS SCORELESS STREAK, 49-15 
A visit from West Los Angeles College was probably the best thing that could 
have happened to Harbor College Saturday. After being shut out in the last 
three games, Harbor erupted for 36 unanswered points to hand the Oilers their 
15th consecutive loss, a 49-15 thumping in their Western State Conference 
contest. 
Harbor, 2-3 overall and 1-3 in the WSC, scored first on a three-yard Corey 
Henry run. That capped a drive that saw the Seahawks march 57 yards in nine 
plays. After a 40-yard second half kickoff return by Camaron Pitcher gave the 
Seahawks the ball on the Oiler 38, Bill Harris ran 30 yards, giving Harbor a 
first and goal at the West L.A. six. Perris Clark scored two plays later from 
three yards out. Harris' two-point conversion run gave the Seahawks a 14-0 
lead. Harbor went up 16-0 after the Oiler center snapped out of the end zone. 
Harris scored the first of two touchdowns in the third quarter on a three-yard 
run, making the lead 23-0 after Jose Rocha's kick. Clark got his second 
touchdown of the quarter on a one-yard run. Following an interception by Victor 
Dobbs, Harris scored on a one-yard run, building the lead to 36-0 at the end of 
three quarters. 
Oiler quarterback Ruanda Manuel connected with Ken Cannon for a score from 20 
yards out to break the shutout. Not to be outdone, Harbor quarterback Mike 
Seward hit Christian Capper running down the sideline for a 45-yard touchdown. 
Clifford Bulkhalter scored on a 37-yard gallop for Harbor, increasing the led 
to 49-8. The Oilers, who remain winless at 0-5, got their final score on a 
29-yard pass completion to Joseph Stephens. 
