EASY FIXINGS AS CLOSE AS A CUPBOARD 
When you need a timely dinner, serve one of these fix-ups that start with foods 
you can keep in the cupboard or the refrigerator. 
 -- Creamy Pasta Salad: Stir together 1 prepared 6 5/8- or 7 1/4-ounce package 
macaroni-and-cheese mix, 1/2 cup buttermilk salad dressing and 1/4 teaspoon 
black pepper. Fold in 1 cup frozen peas. Chill 3 to 24 hours in refrigerator or 
20 minutes in freezer. Stir in 1/4 cup milk to moisten, if necessary. 
 -- Texican Skillet: Stir together one 15-ounce can chili beans with chili 
gravy, 1 prepared 6 5/8- or 7 1/4-ounce package macaroni-and-cheese mix and 1 
to 2 tablespoons jalapeno pepper relish. Heat through. 
 -- Tuna Mac: Stir together 1 (8 1/2-ounce) can peas and carrots, drained; 1 
prepared 6 5/8- or 7 1/4-ounce package macaroni-and-cheese mix and 1 (6 
1/2-ounce) can tuna, drained and flaked. Heat through. 
 -- Farm-Style Dinner: Stir together 8 ounces fully cooked smoked turkey 
sausage, sliced, 1 undrained 8-ounce can lima beans and 1 prepared 6 5/8- or 7 
1/4-ounce package macaroni-and-cheese mix. Heat through. 
 -- Cinnamon Sticks: Separate 1 package of 8 refrigerated bread sticks. Uncoil. 
Brush with 2 tablespoons melted margarine or butter. Dip into mixture of 3 
tablespoons sugar and 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon. Bake according to package 
directions. 
 -- Cinnamon Snails: Leave bread sticks coiled. Brush and dip as directed 
above. Bake according to package directions. 
 -- Olive Appetizer Puffs: Separate 1 package of 4 refrigerated crescent rolls 
into 2 rectangles. Pinch perforations to seal. Cut each portion lengthwise into 
4 strips. Roll each strip around pitted black olive or pimiento-stuffed olive. 
Place on baking sheet. Bake in 400-degree oven about 8 minutes or until golden. 
Serve warm. 
 -- Cheese Crescents: Separate 1 package of 4 refrigerated crescent rolls. Top 
each with 2 tablespoons shredded Monterey Jack cheese with jalapeno peppers. 
Roll up and bake according to package directions. 
 -- Biscuit Buns: Separate 1 package of 6 refrigerated biscuits. Snip into 
small pieces. Place in 6 greased muffin cups. Brush with melted butter or 
margarine. Sprinkle with cooked bacon pieces or sesame seed. Bake in 400-degree 
oven 8 to 10 minutes or until golden. 
