RESTORING THE RIVER 
I read with great interest the article "Urban River Seeks to Find Its Way" 
(Nov. 12). Considering that the San Diego River once flowed unimpeded from the 
mountains to the sea, it's quite distressing to accept a river that has since 
been bombarded by civilization. Fortunately we are witnessing a renewed 
interest in the San Diego River. What is desperately needed, however, is a 
comprehensive restoration plan which addresses land use, wildlife management, 
recreational opportunities, flood control and protection of water quality. 
Restoration of this once beautiful river will require two basic commitments. 
First and foremost is the dedication of open space along the banks of the river 
for preservation of wildlife habitat and public access. Second, a river 
management entity must be established to carefully balance wildlife management, 
recreational interests and water quality. 
Anyone who has traveled to San Antonio or Austin, Tex., realizes that a 
properly managed urban river can represent an aesthetically pleasing 
environment with numerous recreational opportunities. Imagine a linear park 
with bike paths extending along the banks of the San Diego River from Mission 
Bay to the Cleveland National Forest. Carrying that thought one step further, 
imagine if the water quality could be improved to the point where it was 
suitable for fishing, boating and irrigation. A comprehensive river management 
approach is far preferable to piecemeal mitigation of individual development 
projects in the flood plain. 
PETER MacLAGGAN 
San Diego 
