EQUALITY WATCH; 
FOUL PLAY 
It was more than mere unsportsmanlike conduct by some clownish football 
players. Much worse. And so the most famous football incident of the season so 
far has occurred off the field -- in the locker room of the New England 
Patriots. 
And now NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue has had his say. With his ruling 
Tuesday, he put all players, staff, coaches and owners on notice: Women 
sportswriters have every right to cover these teams -- and without sexual 
harassment. 
Tagliabue fined the New England Patriots and three players after an independent 
investigation substantiated allegations made by Lisa Olson, a reporter for The 
Boston Herald. She was interviewing a player in the locker room when several 
teammates sexually harassed her with offensive words and repulsive actions. 
Tagliabue levied $25,000 fines against the owner, Victor Kiam, and the team. 
He also fined the most active and insulting player, Zeke Mowatt, $12,500. Two 
verbal accomplices were each charged $5,000. Those fines -- small change to 
athletes who earn an average of $400,000 -- should be a warning of even 
stronger penalties for any such future violation. 
The commissioner also criticized Kiam and his management for their abysmal 
handling of the matter. Kiam initially belittled the incident, dismissing the 
allegation of sexual harassment. 
All too often that's management's initial reaction when one of the guys 
harasses a female colleague. In too many cases, including that football locker 
room, nobody tries to stop it. 
