NEWSMAKERS 
Cogito Ergo Sum: Though the phrase might make Rene Descartes think twice, 
"Can't do lunch; I'm seeing my philosopher" could soon be the Los Angeles 
thinking man's lament. It's happening in Amsterdam, where gurus and shrinks are 
giving way to philosophers, who have opened private practices and charge 
clients up to $50 an hour to kick around profound thoughts. "There's a new 
generation of philosophers who want to take part in society, not just work in 
ivory towers," explained Ad Hoogendijk, one of the first to set up such a 
practice. He predicts the practice will grow because he helps people "answer 
very basic questions like: 'Who are you, and what do you want out of life?' " 
Premonition: American University in Washington publicizes itself by making 
professors available for television and newspaper interviews on tough subjects. 
On the eve of the U.S. invasion of Panama, a university press release touted 
international relations Prof. Philip Brenner as an expert on the Panama 
situation, quoting him: "The U. S. is learning to use its power with more 
maturity. It would be inappropriate and excessive to respond to this incident 
(the killing of a Marine in Panama) by using military power. . . ." 
Seize the Day: Ron Knapp, 51, of Long Beach, is seizing the whole new year to 
promote his resemblance to Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev. (Gorby was just 
named 1989's "religion newsmaker" by the Religion Newswriters Assn., which 
called his meeting with Pope John Paul II the year's top religious news story.) 
The former engineer for McDonnell Douglas, who won a Gorbachev look-alike 
contest two years ago. Knapp advises that the City of San Diego made a wee 
mistake in its recent cultural exchange with the Soviets, accidentally using a 
file picture of him instead of the real Gorbachev in a magazine sold for $3 a 
copy. BETTIJANE LEVINE 
