NEWSMAKERS 
As the Year Turns: The Millennium Society, the group planning the big New 
Year's Eve party for Dec. 31, 1999, at the Great Pyramid in Egypt and 23 other 
sites around the world, has announced its "Most Inspiring" list of the year, 
including Czechoslovakian President Vaclav Havel, singer-composer Paul 
McCartney, the Aga Khan, basketball star Michael Jordan, actor Kevin Costner 
and Bart Simpson. 
Go For It: Rowanne Brewer, the sexy 26-year-old now being touted as the woman 
who is replacing Marla Maples in Donald Trump's affections, has hit the current 
issues of Time, Newsweek and People magazines. 
Sid Sussman of American Pageants said of the former Miss Maryland: "We had to 
tone her down for the Miss Maryland-U.S.A. contest because she was so sexy." 
Family Outing: The Bushes were out and about Wednesday. President Bush had five 
grandchildren in tow at a public screening of "The Blue Planet," the latest 
massive-screen film at the Air &amp; Space Museum in Washington. Meanwhile 
First Lady Barbara Bush took in a private tour of the National Gallery's Titian 
exhibit. 
Out in the Cold: Dorothy Heyser, the 64-year-old wealthy Dallas socialite who 
was John Tower's longtime companion, was married for the fourth time Wednesday 
and the groom wasn't Tower. Heyser married Robert Goddard, a wealthy Texas 
businessman. Heyser was the supportive presence at the former senator's side 
during the Senate hearings on his failed nomination for secretary of defense. 
The Washington Post's Chuck Conconi quotes a Tower friend as saying Tower was 
not just surprised; Tower's reaction was more like "shock." 
