ARMAND HAMMER; 
MAN AND THE MYTH 
If Armand Hammer, who died Monday at 92, could have had his life story told the 
way his ego would have preferred, it no doubt would have been a sprawling 
novel, not to mention a TV miniseries. And -- a man of extraordinary wealth and 
ambition -- his only condition would not have been this: that he would have to 
be the novelist. 
Indeed, so much of his life's work was an effort to tell the Armand Hammer 
story the way a major Hollywood studio would like an adoring public to regard 
one of its most bankable stars: with more illusion than reality. 
Yes, it's true: This globe-trotting, headline-hunting Occidental Petroleum 
Corp. magnate was not to everyone's taste. He multiplied his wealth on the 
controversial margins of an oil deal made with the Kadafi government in Libya; 
he weathered a huge legal storm because of illegal campaign contributions to 
then-President Richard M. Nixon; he was the subject of investigations by the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, and he and his company angered many 
environmentalists and West Side residents by aggressively pursuing oil drilling 
in Pacific Palisades. 
He was not a saint. 
But -- here's the paradox -- he sometimes did saintly work. Take his 
extraordinary contributions to the war on cancer, to museums, schools and 
clinics; and the sometimes mysterious but nevertheless wholly notable personal 
campaign, long prefiguring the end of the Cold War, to end the West's enmity 
with Moscow. 
In truth no novel is needed to tell the Armand Hammer story. Nonfiction will 
do. 
